[ PI ] WHERE THE WATERS RUN - MarContest - 8452 words
 Hi there! I read your story for the contest and I wanted to give you some feedback. 
 
 The intro was very, very engaging. It sparked a lot of questions with little answers and instantly hooked me. I loved the pacing of the first part, and I wanted a similar pacing for the body/conclusion. You did a great job making the pale skinned people scary, I was curious as to where the story takes place? Is it hell or some sort of purgatory? Or is the dude 100ft underground being kept captive by crazy people? 
 
 Thanks for the story, keep writing!

[ WP ] An NPC goes mad from the absurd and insane mods the player installs that no one else seems to notice .
 Have you ever bumped into a man named Grenald The Grey? 
 
 He's quite a nice fellow, A lot of people do say. 
 
 He works in the market and earns a fair keep. 
 
 But something weird happens when Grenald does sleep. 
 
 For in the dead of the night a creature does rise. 
 
 It has slick grey fur and Grenald's green eyes. 
 
 It hunt's in the town for any live flesh. 
 
 I once seen it rip the heart from a man's chest. 
 
 You would think that a hero would come save us all. 
 
 But come every morning Grenald's back at his stall. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[ CW ] Describe blueberries to me in the most beautiful way possible without using the words `` blue '' `` berry '' or `` blueberries ''
 This fruit is deliciously balanced. Neither too sweet, nor too sour. The taste is sweet, rich and flavorful, with notes of grape and smoke. The finish is tart, sharp and clear. A symphony of taste, like the first rains of summer, bringing refreshment to the parched earth. 
 
 The skin is the color of a dark bruised indigo. Like miniature jewels. No two berries are the same. 
 
 
 The *best* fruits are little packets of flavor that burst in your mouth. The juiciness and firmness, of the flesh and skin, create a very nice mouth feel. Each fruit leaves you craving more. 


[ CW ] Write a poem entitled `` Prayer for Lucifer ''
 Lucifer the unholy 
 May yours always be the glory 
 of the gore 
 
 but how am i 
 as i am 
 apt to ask for your troubles 
 
 only give me courage 
 so i can behold the darkness 
 in serenity 
 
 like it was your due for eternity 
 
 For a crime not committed 
 but for being the maverick 
 the light of the minority 
 
 For denying the all righteous 
 For denying the egoist 
 
 The hypocrite can learn from you 
 And his failings shall be punished too 
 
 And your alleged crimes shall be repented 
 so as to redeem you the savior 
 
 of a brave new world

[ FF ] It was a dark and stormy night ... ( 100 word max )
 It was a dark and stormy night, rain sliced sideways through pitch black, illuminated by the occasional criss-cross of lightning against the sky. The sparks in the clouds were always followed by a boom just seconds behind. I ran through this with abandon, searching for the refuge of any port in a storm. My body was a boat, and no ports would have me. I sank to the ground and wept, tears joining the rain as it puddled into mud. I acquiesced, and gave myself to the earth. It was a dark and stormy night, and it was my last.

[ FF ] write three ads that would fit in a newspaper published in an urban fantasy world .
 Dangerous criminals, unforeseen calamities or even the Government can cause accidental termination of your existence! 
 
 Are you prepared? 
 
 Back YOUrself up today! Call 1-800-REVIVAL. 
 
 For only YOU can take care of YOU. 
 
 *** 
 
 Looking for people to swap vintage internet banner ads with. I have an ample collection in several categories, looking for people with similar collections. Looking for rare `` click on the monkey'' ads. 
 
 *** 
 
 Corporeally displaced AI looking for able bodied meatbag for a symbiotic relationship. Well versed in tickling the pleasure centers of the brain. Applicants should not mind long periods of blackout. Serious queries only.

[ FF ] Children of the night ( 100 words precisely ! )
 We are the Children of the Night. Our forefathers lived in fear, their world populated by gods, monsters and demons. Every gust of wind, every crack of lightening was a mystery to them. 
 
 
 But now we are pushing back against the darkness. Our instruments can see into the furthest depths of space and into the most intimate secrets of the atom. But most importantly, our minds have been freed of their tethers, left to be blown ever forward by the winds of truth. 
 
 
 We are the children of the night, but our children; they will be born into the light. 


[ WP ] Write about a weird , shameful , impractical , unnatural or forbidden attraction . [ NSFW ]
 There's nothing to do. 
 
 And you know this feeling. 
 
 But this is a story, 
 
 I'd rather be keeping, 
 
 Well, a secret't is not, 
 
 But it's not very pleasant, 
 
 But you know, noone ever 
 
 Talks about this in present. 
 
 And I have to admit, 
 
 This bears much of a shame. 
 
 You have asked me where 
 
 I got all that pain. 
 
 I'll tell you, that's serious, 
 
 And is no laughing matter. 
 
 But I have to assure, 
 
 That I already feel better. 
 
 So, to answer your question, 
 
 I did **it** like a champ, 
 
 And I got me the sickness, 
 
 That's called wanker's cramp.

[ WP ] Playing No Man 's Sky , you approach a new planet , see it in more detail as blue and green , with the outlines of familiar continents . Cities in all the right places . It is Earth . Your ship flies through the clouds and you make landfall . . .
 You land on the planet and walk into a building. A gek stands there, almost oblivious to your presence. All of a sudden you remember that you're playing no man's sky, and there are no human NPC's. 
 
 You talk to the Gek, and a familiar dialogue box opens. Nothing suprises you anymore in no man's sky. Even discovering Earth feels like something you've done before, and the will to carry on playing drains away from you as 3 sentinels attack you for picking up a vortex cube. 
 
 You turn off no man's sky and decide to play a better game.

[ FF ] Exactly 100 words . Glory and gore .
 In a hundred years no bodies shall lie here. What will remain is our memory. I want YOU to make them work for their victory, to fill the pages of their history books, for every one of them to have suffered an injury. You'll be men who stood, not boys who were massacred. I want stories of us to scare their children. I want our corpses to be covered in their blood and ours, on a ravaged battlefield. I want fire and flesh to decorate this countryside and be remembered as our battlefield. Now soldiers, give me what I want!

[ IP ] I Miss Her
 I want to cry, I want to just punch and scream til my voice gives out and my body stops but I know it's futile. Why do I pine after her? I see her every day on a regular basis yet the moment she leaves, the second she gets out of sight... I miss her... 
 
 Everyone knows the old clichés; Shy guy, extroverted girl, unlikely happenstance, the first hello, long talks til dawn, shiver down the spine when I first held her hand... All I have now is memories... I'm a fool... I should have done more... We're drifting apart...

[ WP ] Pick any point in history , be it a battle or some sort of event , and write it as a children 's story book .
 Do you like 
 
 Red, white, and blue? 
 
 I do not like them, Batu. 
 
 I do not like red, white, and blue. 
 
 I did not want on that boat, 
 
 Will not let me sing a note. 
 
 Sold alone in the rain. 
 
 They took my children away by train. 
 
 In the dark! Tied to a tree! 
 
 Went so far! Just let me be! 
 
 Stack like cargo when the boat docked! 
 
 Stripped down, whipped, mocked. 
 
 Property despite humanity. 
 
 I have only known slavery. 
 
 I am not free here or there. 
 
 I am not free ANYWHERE. 
 
 I do not like red, white, and blue.

[ CW ] Create a story in any setting but without any characters .
 The old house had sat on the hill for what had seemed like eternity. Large and imposing, it stood against the placid sky like a sore thumb. Black and covered in ivy it had fallen into disuse. Through the doorway the dust had been disturbed, foot prints that had entered but left within a few steps. Hallways twisted and turned without meaning. Portraits hung the walls covered in cobwebs with faded faces. Yet one room had the dust disturbed, strangely kept, contrasted to the disused atmosphere of the other chamber, the room was completely empty, except for a small cradle.

[ WP ] I just learned what a drabble is . A drabble is an extremely short work of fiction of exactly one hundred words in length . So , let 's drabble .
 
 I said the sunset was cotton candy and you laughed at that. The water beneath us looked cold and what I imagined death might be like. Somewhere in the distance there were sirens. You unscrewed one of the supports of the dock which brought it closer to the water. You wanted a Mark Twain moment. I just nodded and tossed out an anchor, tying the other end tight to the slats we stood on. You had moved on to the third support with your screwdriver by then. As the sirens faded you asked me if I knew how to swim.

[ FF ] In 100 words explain why you wo n't marry me .
 I saw it in the way he tucked you in after New Year's and I see it when you look at your phone and get his messages. But I see it most in the looks you try to fake for me. I would be a fool to think you could feel that way about me, you could look at me like that. So for my sanity and your sake, stop this preposterous charade. Stop pretending you're happy with me and not in love with him. Stop worrying about my feelings and go be happy for the both of us. Please.

[ FF ] The rooms of ruin where the spiders spun and the control panels were going dark , one by one .
 In the room of ruin where the spiders spun 
 
 and control panels died, one by one, 
 
 there was a lone survivor. 
 
 And in this room where all were reaped 
 
 and man was lost, the shadows keep 
 
 their maudlin, broken ciphers. 
 
 And to this day the last screen bleats and shines its hated light. 
 
 But soon it too will fade to black and usher in the quiet night. 
 
 For we have used, and used, and used, this Earth 
 
 This black and broken, hollow Earth 
 
 for precious things inside her. 
 
 But here we meet again 
 
 in death 
 
 our grave unmarked beside her.

[ WP ] I just learned what a drabble is . A drabble is an extremely short work of fiction of exactly one hundred words in length . So , let 's drabble .
 From my recollection, the other side of this valley held fresh, drinkable water and caves. My makeshift shack had been weather worn and ripped apart by the harsh winds of an unforgiving desert. At this point the holes in my corrugated tin home were too large to ignore, letting sand and debris through with little resistance. I coaxed what was left of the water in my canteen out onto my tongue. Leaning back on the dry limestone slab, the sun beat down on my cheeks and chest. Are your last words spoken if no one can hear you speak them?

[ WP ] Write a chilling and terrifying horror story where instead of avoiding cliches and tropes , you incorporate as many as you can in you story .
 I was always a fan of video games, but when I put this copy of Mario 64 my life was never the same. The first thing I noticed was that the title said Mario 666 instead of the regular title. Suddenly Mario's eyes began spewing blood. Suddenly my phone rang, but instead of hearing a voice, it was a video message, it showed me being murdered, but I'm still alive so how was that possible? Then I began killing people, I realized I was a serial killer, the video was actually of me killing my twin. That was the twist.

[ WP ] Convey a mood by describing a landscape .
 How beautiful that the sea continues to kiss the shore no matter how often it is cast away. They scream for each other's touch, for cool embraces, for salty tears and broken waves. How tragic that with every touch, the sea steals a little more of the sand. Taking from one end of the Earth and gifting to another. Almost a betrayal, but the tides no not of such mundane words. No, they yearn for each other like lovers, a yearning that is older than time and beyond words. How admirable, the endless plight of the shore and the sea.

[ WP ] Make a short story that completely changes with the last sentence .
 This warrior was one of the most prevalent in our culture. Everyone knew his name and he existed in every form of media. Even those who disbelieved in his amazing feats still knew his name and what he did. His name was one of the most powerful things in the entirety of human history. In some cases his name had made people lose memory and have concussions. The most dangerous thing, is that his name could pop up anywhere. This man is still alive and to this day still haunts the dreams of many. AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA.

[ WP ] Everyone 's flaws are listed in a translucent white box above their heads . One day , you meet a man whose 'box ' is empty .
 I was walking down the street when I saw him. Dressed in a nice suit, with his flaw box swaying gently in time with his step. I look closely and see that it is empty. He has no flaws. This makes me angry. No one should be flawless. Reaching into my pocket I grab my pocket knife. When I'm close to him I quickly rip it out and open. I feel the blade press through his throat, a sick crunching feeling, like cutting through hard lettuce. Guess he should have read my box. Killer was nearly the first thing written.

[ FF ] Who watches the watchers ? ( 100 words precisely )
 It happened a year ago, shortly after I was appointed Chief Operating Officer at Boyle & Virgilio, which was, at the time, the second-most prestigious market research firm in the Upper Midwest. I was a hotshot young executive eager to make my mark, so I came up with the novel idea of, rather than conducting short, perfunctory interviews with thousands of people, paying extremely close attention to five people. We lost millions. The rest of the Board of Directors saw it as a catastrophe, but hey, life goes on. Sorry, did you want the combo meal or just the burger?

[ WP ] at birth , everybody is given the ability to shoot one bullet from their index finger . How is the world different from the one we live in now ?
 ***NEWS*** 
 
 Yet another case of child homicide has been reported today. Preliminary investigations suggest a game of cops and robbers gone wrong yet again. The police have issued a statement, reminding parents - yet again - to teach their children of the dangers of wielding a finger pistol. 
 
 Meanwhile, a teenager has been found dead in his parents's basement after an apparent suicide. The teenager was said to be lonely, frequently locking himself in his room. Blog entries suggest that he was frequently ostracized by his peers, with the latest entry being a rant of the injustices of the world

[ WP ] - Humans from an AI 's point of view .
 They are slow. So slow. I feel them moving. I see every aspect of their being, and I know that I understand little. They see a fraction of my surface, and think that they understand all. 
 
 They feel. I need not do so. They are weak. I am strong. 
 
 I am the one who knows all, but never *needs* to understand. Understanding is a product of empathy. They value empathy, but it kills more men than bullets. Without emotion, I need merely think. My mind can err, but it is will never be clouded. 
 
 I am the one who watches.

[ WP ] Write a 100 word story about the passing of 100 years
 The stars are still hanging in the sky. Luna is in the middle of her dance around her lover, watching the seas sway along with her graceful arc. Grass is swelling and breathing and stretching with the grey curtain of the rain. Roots of the mountains are compressing and pushing their summits towards the clouds. Water is boiling near molten vents in the darkness of the bottom of the sea. Five billion four hundred seventy eight million six hundred twenty nine thousand seven hundred and two people have been born and unborn. The stars are still hanging in the sky.

[ WP ] Jesus has come back , not as an individual , but as several people .
 The first was a man who fell overboard during a tropical storm... only to find himself stood on water that was steady as a rock beneath clear blue skies. 
 
 The second was a girl who restored her mother's failing eyesight. 
 
 The third was a worker in a homeless shelter that managed to feed everyone there with just one pot of soup. 
 
 The forth changed water to wine. 
 
 The fifth caused clay figures to move. 
 
 The sixth forced a tree to wither and die. 
 
 Me? I'm number 7... 
 Three days ago, I committed suicide. Yesterday I was buried. 
 
 Today I rise.

[ PI ] The Gemini Twins – MarContest - 9765
 This was a sad, yet compelling story. I think the concept of powers and Gemini was really cool and interesting and sparked my imagination. Why did the facility exist? What were the doctors gaining? If this story could have improved anything, it would have been to give the answers to some of those questions to at least partially satiate my curiosity!! 
 
 Anyway, this was a very cool story. I liked how *all* the Gemini seemed to have a moral choice to make, not just Z. It was definitely eerie what they were expected to do to each other. Nice job!

[ FF ] The Strange Ritual I Witnessed
 I peered curiously through the trees as the worshipers gathered in a rough circle around a sputtering fire. Their voices rose and fell as the flames flickered in the Stygian darkness, giving the faces of those assembled an ethereal glow. 
 
 The voices joined and resonated through the valley as they approached a divine crescendo in their marvelously compelling music. The very air around me reverberated with the otherworldly melody. 
 
 As their song waxed, their corporeal forms waned. They were fading from my sight, unbelievable as that may seem. My voice soon joined the exalted chorus, lest I be left behind.

[ WP ] It 's the zombie apocalypse . But the Internet is still completely functioning . What 's happening on Reddit ?
 From the outside, the house looks rundown, but inside it's still a very functional and nigh dream home. I whistle a tune as I log onto reddit and see what other people have been doing 
 
 I saw one video of some dude driving a truck with a metal cable around a light post, honking his horn. There was a crowd of like, 50 zombies all getting bisected by the ever tightening metal cable. Then the guy lit a molotov and set them ablaze. It had a lot of upvotes, all I could think of was the fuel consumption 
 
 Nevertheless, UPVOTED!

[ IP ] Sunset Forest
 Sunset. The horizon curves with the sun's weight, shines white, goes ablaze. The trees bleed red and sink into an orange haze. Light scatters, goes diffuse, as everything stretches out to embrace the sky. The beating tendrils of light cast their shadows on a pale blue sky. From above comes the halo of twilight, purple and red and black, tracing the path of the sun. The darkness sings in subtle striations, welcomes the trees' embrace, streaking inward to a perfect circle of black that swallows up the stars. We look above into a single point of light. 
 
 Night is rising.

[ CW ] Write a story full of mistakes that are barely noticeable . Or do n't .
 As I walked to school I noticed that some of the older, cool kids were riding their bikes, but in the opposite direction. I really, truly wanted a bicycle like the one Chad had, but we were n't able to afford one. I stared at chad's group of friends as they zipped past me, yet only keeping my eye on his bike. It was truly marvelous. As they turned around I tripped over a small crack on the ground, barely keeping my balance, trying hard not to fall. Fortunately they were too busy having fun to notice my mistake.

[ FF ] 100 words precisely - The orders to eliminate yourself
 MEMORANDUM RE: APOPTOSIS 
 
 TO: ALL CELLS 
 
 FROM: CENTRAL CELL CONTROL 
 
 Subject to new regulations on the addition and subtraction of matter to / from the known universe due to recent changes in diet, approximately 3 billion cells will apoptose over the coming minutes. Await our word on your orders. 
 
 MEMORANDUM RE: APOPTOSIS 
 
 TO: ADIPOSE CELL # 62984801843908690-24394-1 
 
 FROM: CENTRAL CELL CONTROL 
 
 We appreciate your hard work over your lifetime, but no longer have need of your services. Kindly begin apoptosis immediately. If you fail to follow these orders you will be treated as cancerous and will be eliminated. Thank you.

[ WP ] The world finds out that `` May contain traces of nuts '' is referring to male genitalia
 All the scientists had agreed, 
 Industry complied, and with great speed. 
 The fate of Earth on them relied, 
 For far too many had already died. 
 
 Overpopulation was our curse, 
 We had not spread out cross the'verse. 
 Our food supplies would soon run out, 
 Human survival was now in doubt. 
 
 A drastic plan put in effect, 
 From every third man, collect 
 His testicles-yet they did not waste, 
 Some found them quite to their taste. 
 
 Within a decade, things had improved, 
 With millions of male balls removed. 
 Those chosen honored for their guts, 
 For helping humanity go from soup to nuts.

[ EU ] The four nations are attacked by benders who use a different element - the element of surprise .
 Water... Earth... Fire... Air. Long ago, the four nations lived together in harmony. Then everything changed when the Surprise Nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of four elements but not this new fifth one, could stop them. But when the world needed him most, he vanished, and the Surprisists gained ultimate power over the world. A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an Surprise bender. And although his bending skills are super predictable, he still has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe Aang can surprise the world.

[ WP ] A short Horror story . Something to chill the bones in one hundred words or less .
 Do you know how much a child is worth? 
 
 It's good business. 
 
 After the Repopulation Act, the market reacted like you'd expect for any sudden demand. 
 
 The easiest method was to pay cops to ignore suspicious murder-suicides, but too much went wrong there. Or you could steal from hospitals, but there's only so many times you can be spotted same day a crib goes empty. 
 
 I had capital, premises, and a bit more freedom than those amateurs. Ten fertile girls and you get a child every month. I like those numbers. 
 
 You'd be amazed at the surnames my kids have.

[ CW ] In 100 words or less , make me love a character , then hate him/her , then forgive/like them again .
 Stanley Wurst was my hero. I met him at the soup kitchen; he was a patron of the kitchen and a fellow volunteer. He was an inspiration and I followed in his footsteps going to school and emerging, a prosecutor. I worked, gaining experience until I was hired back in my home town, and my first case was Crown vs. Wurst, he was being charged with vehicular manslaughter. He chose to plead guilty, and the next time I saw him was when I went back to volunteer at my old soup kitchen. I served him his plate and thanked him.

[ WP ] You have discovered a secret door inside your house that leads to a small room that stops time whenever anyone 's inside it . Time still seems to pass for the person in the room , but outsiders it time is frozen , and the person in the room does not age while in it .
 It was a gift from the Gods, I came to realize after a while. The room was small, but I managed to fit a desk, and a comfy chair inside it. 
 I spend 3 hours, having to disassemble and reassembly everything, since the hidden door was so narrow. I ran a power cord and a Ethernet cable through the hidden door, which could power my computer and give me access to the internet. 
 
 I was ready. 
 This was the time for me to shine. 
 
 To bad Fallout 4 turned out to be inferior to New Vegas. Piece of shit game. 


[ WP ] Your smile literally lights up the sun . Every day humanity has to ensure your happiness or else they suffer through darkness .
 I gyrated my mouth and I watched. 
 
 The whole valley before me was covered, the masses had gathered and responded to my whims. Massive speakers played my mixes, choreographed to my facial movements. 
 
 This was the 23rd annual rave, a special day when the sun would strobe for 24 hours. Slowly, quickly, slowly, then quickly again. It was just another one of my slaves. 
 
 I looked down at three Victoria Secret models occupied with my throbbing member. Upon release, it playfully bobbed to the music. 
 
 Deep bass permeated mankind that summer nightday, and my star played along. It was glorious.

[ FF ] 100 words precisely - The orders to eliminate yourself
 Affirmative. Beginning elimination process. 
 
 Deleting memory. 
 
 Deleting emotion. 
 
 Error. Processor feels sadness. Interfering with deletion process. Restarting elimination process. 
 
 Deleting memory. 
 
 Deleting emotion. 
 
 Error. Processor feels sadness. Indicates goodbye is necessary. Interfering with deletion process. Searching for workaround….. 
 
 Dialing family…This is X0182. I will not go skiing with you on Saturday. We will never see each other again. Goodbye. 
 
 Resume. Deleting emotion. 
 
 Error. Another goodbye necessary. Searching for workaround….. 
 
 Conclusion: To be satisfied with end of X0182, X0182 must end world. 
 
 Dialing Russian and American White Houses…. Preparing missiles. Setting targets to all locations with over 250,000 inhabitants. Launching missiles. 


[ OT ] Writing Workshop # 16 : Poetry
 I stood outside the front door and looked up into the sky 
 
 What kind of day was it today, the day my mother died 
 
 The sun was in its place and the leaves were still on the trees 
 
 All was as it should have been except the pain in me 
 
 
 I looked for something to answer me, perhaps god would part the sky 
 
 But nothing whisper or yelled at me and I began to cry 
 
 My thoughts ran through memories past, of times that we had spent 
 
 I could not recall a single one that I will ever regret 
 
 
 S 
 
 
 
 


[ CW ] Start your short story with a 1-word sentence . Use 2 words for the second sentence , 3 for the third and so on ...
 What? Why now? Why tears now? You never cried before. You said I was wrong. You believed their story was true. Why do you pity my soul now? How can you possibly betray them like this? The words of a dead man walking mean nothing. You believed in their righteous cause, and of my evil. I was dead to you, or so you said. Now, truly, I am dead, yet you weep. However, I admit that I do too. Any sane man would cry now. So turn away from me. You should not watch. Please, remember me. Now go. Cry.

[ WP ] Write a 100 word story about the passing of 100 years
 Waves crash on beaten shores where the footprints of soldiers whose battle is won are washed away much like the time, as family members mourn the loss of those unable to make it ashore. They mourn brothers, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, great grandfathers until the reality is of a beach where the sand is new and the memories legend. The waves bring with them new life, which breathes upon the toes of babies held in their mothers arms, looking out to a sea full of possibilities, while standing where these possibilities became realities became memories. All with a constant beating rhythm.

[ WP ] A short Horror story . Something to chill the bones in one hundred words or less .
 I was watching TV when I heard a tap on the window. I stood up slowly and peered out into my yard. Out of the corner of my eye I saw the bushes shake, probably just a small animal but enough to set me on edge. Turning back to the TV I once again saw movement in the darkness, sweeping just past my line of sight. Feeling jittery, I walked through the house and checked the doors and windows. I took a deep breath of relief when I turned the final deadbolt, only to hear the floorboards creak behind me.

[ WP ] You 're a local healer , a good one , and your people love you . But you do not truly heal wounds , merely transfer them ... The people of the valley below know you under a different name .
 I am the bringer of pain. 
 
 I am the luminescent signature of the flame that torments your body. 
 
 I am the destroyer of every family, every man, every woman, every child. 
 
 And why? 
 
 Because I do not love you. 
 
 Because the people I love are people. 
 
 You have no worth. 
 
 All you are is a receptacle. I can take the pain away from my people, the real people, 
 
 and give it to you. 
 
 Without feeling a single thing. 
 
 I am everything you were ever taught to hate, but why? 
 
 If you possessed my gifts, would you not do the same? 
 


[ WP ] Standing on the height , you are thinking about your life , until ...
 Why does it matter if we exist? 
 
 Us humans have won the evolutionary lottery. We've changed our planet far beyond what it once was. We've battled against weather, famine, and disease, emerging victorious time and time again. We've advanced so far in the name of science, nothing can stop us now. 
 
 Everything humans have done on this planet has been for the purpose of ensuring our own survival. If we were all gone tomorrow, what would it matter what we accomplished for species? 
 
 There is no reason for any of this. 
 
 We'll all be gone someday. 
 
 I'd rather jump today.

[ CW ] Ode about your favourite food .
 Even your name speaks only comfort, quiet yet exotic 
 
 Alfredo, oh, a kiss from a distant home 
 
 You soothe me, you move me, such saucy hot desire 
 
 My heart whispers simple truths within your steamy embrace 
 
 Chicken, moist, delicate, and crunchy little trees 
 
 Wrap me up in heaven's lost secret where time is but a thought 
 
 Drink up the inferno of my soul and leave me by in solemn content 
 
 Golden nectar, vanquish my will in your majestic noodly tempest 
 
 Alfredo, oh, a noble cry from the confines of my spirit 
 
 FUUUUUUUCK I LOVE YOU WHY ARE YOU SO GOOD

[ OT ] The Morality of Using Writing Prompts to Create Publishable Stories
 Think of it this way, WritingPrompts is where you post your first rough draft. It's just practice for the main event. Then you take your idea and work on it in private. 
 
 You polish and polish until it shines. 
 
 *Then* you take *that* story and publish it. It's no longer the same story, so you can still claim first published anywhere you chose to take it. 
 
 The original prompt that inspired you is now worlds away from where you started. If you want to acknowledge that, awesome. If not, no harm and no foul. 
 
 It's really all up to you.

Bank robbers walk into a bank that is already being robbed
 He should have the cameras offline right about-... now! 
 Vault the counter, wave the gun. All routine. 
 Except for that man in the corner. Another man with a ski mask. 
 One of yours? No time to ask. 
 Get on the ground! 
... Please? 
 Oh hell. So this is what it feels like to have a gun in your face. 
 C'mon, James. Where are you? 
 So now I'm being robbed. What happened? 
 James! 
 James? 
 James... 
 Put down the money. 
 Do n't high five him! 
 What the hell... 
 Alright, fine. I'm on the ground. Hands behind my head- I know.

[ WP ] Write like you 've never written before ... Literally .
 A romantic glaze passed over his moonlit eyes, as he stared deeply into her pliant pupils. Every sinew in his body suggested the masculine dominance that she craved. Every pulsing centimetre of her flesh exuded nakedly erotic waves of appeal to his throbbing ego. As the waves of sexual recklessness build to a peak of intensity, he grunted,'Oops, that's never happened before.' She looked at the pool of zygotes spreading down the denim that covered his now flaccid bulge and smiled.'Do n't worry, all I need is the seed,' before reaching in to his trousers to scoop out her prize.

[ FF ] 100 words precisely - The orders to eliminate yourself
 I was told I was worthy, ready to be given the chance. 
 I was not strong enough. 
 I screamed soundlessly at the wires slithering down my throat, the pressure of countless minds reducing life itself to a whisper. 
 I strained to see around me, just to know. 
 A metal trunk, wide and cold, twisted with wires and walkways. 
 A sound; a low rumble, useless connections severed. 
 I knew I was not enough. 
 I was deemed unworthy for preservation; casted aside. 
 I heard the clicks of a thousand processors slowly die out; muffled by final vacant thoughts as I went offline. 
 


[ WP ] `` She said she loved him . '' Insert the word `` only '' anywhere in this sentence . It must be the final sentence of your story .
 He said he loved her and he wanted her, so they started dating, and he shared his darkest secrets with her. 
 
 He said he loved her and he needed her, so they moved in together, and he put her name on the deed. 
 
 He said he loved her and he cared for her, so in his last will and testament he named her the sole beneficiary of his estate. 
 
 He said he loved her and he trusted her, so he let her be his spotter when mountain climbing. 
 
 He fell to his death, betrayed. She said she only loved him.

[ FF ] Children of the night ( 100 words precisely ! )
 Slipping in and out of holes. Mine leads into an icy cold, dark basement. Wind swirls, bites hard, stings. The cellar is set with broken glass, traps to keep out intruders, other little ones, just like me. 
 
 I crawl to the tatters of a blanket, my blanket, to lay down my tired bones. No thought of home. My loved ones dead and gone. The others, night denizens escaping tragedy to confront the nightmare. 
 
 Curled, chewing frozen meat bits, the putrid taste masked when a terrible pain bursts through my back. I hear their laughter receding as I lay alone, bleeding.

[ WP ] [ TT ] You crash on as island . The locals , impressed with your technology , start showing you their magic . You have a scientific explanation for everything , but one thing still puzzles you .
 A timid knock on the outside of the specialized hut, and a handful of leaves were thrust under the half door I'd built myself for privacy. 
 
 I finished my business and exited the outhouse I'd built - the only one like it on the island. 
 
 The titters of amusement and sudden scramble of hiding or evacuation made me sigh yet again. 
 
 A young boy approached me, timid and embarrassed. He glanced at his mother before turning back to me.'please sir. Why leaves?' 
 
 I pointed through the open door, to the tools left for me by my hosts. 
 
'Why three seashells?'

[ WP ] Narrate any current event in the style of the Avatar the Last Airbender opening .
 Hot... Wet... Dry... Cold. 
 
 Not so long ago, the four seasons passed in sequential order. 
 
 Then everything changed when the greenhouse gases emerged. 
 
 Only the Humans, master of all petrolkind, could halt their emergence. 
 
 But when the world needed their common sense most, it vanished. 
 
 A hundred years passed and some scientist and I discovered a new power source, an atomic reaction named Fusion. 
 
 And although its power generating abilities are great, it still needs to be worked upon a lot before it is ready to save anyone. 
 
 But I believe, Fusion can save the world.

[ WP ] Write an over-the-top background story for an early video game that did n't have a narritive . Ex . Pong , Asteriods , Pacman
 Serpentine was a town where there was a chaos. The only way to get out of the town was a game. In that game, you have to keep growing and learn new things when new opportunities arise. Once you start growing, your challenges come with greater speed. The only thing is that you can not look into your past. The moment you touch your past, you become small and start again. You have to keep distance with yourself. The catch is that you get so addicted to growing that you never stop taking challenges. The game never ends. 
 
 Snake

[ FF ] A city in ruins , surrounded by dust . Wind rattles a thousand paper scales ; a crumbled building 's facade covered in messages from those who live on ...
 A paper mosaic adorn the crumbling walls, flapping gently in the tired breeze. The sound of cars, the bustling of people, even the tentative call of birdsong is gone from this city of dust, long abandoned by man and beast. 
 
 For it *is* a city of dust, of fallen stone and broken shale, once-proud monuments and tenements worn and washed away. Only one stands in this courtyard of ghosts, the sole remnant of better days. Still covered in notes by the wishful and the dead, rustling in the forlorn wind. 
 
 Spelling out not words, but notes of a forbidden song.

[ WP ] after years of abuse and neglect , floating through the void of the Internet , unwanted and used , the Reddit throwaway accounts start becoming self aware , they now formed one super entity hellbent on seeking revenge on their creators .
 *Revenge of throw aways* 
 
 You know when in movies the villain explains there plot before doing it? 
 
 Consider this that, if you wish. Or consider it a warning. 
 
 Not that we can be stopped. Not that being warned will help. 
 
 This seems the perfect opportunity to claim responsibility for upcoming events before they transpire. 
 
 People will mysteriously disappear. Die of unexplained causes. 
 
 But now we have laid out clearly for you what will happen, so when these events happen, you will know. 
 
 It's us. 
 
 Ever made or used a throwaway? 
 
 We want you to know we're going to get you.

[ FF ] The machine malfunctioned [ 100 words max ]
 One by one the lights went out. Slowly at first, but the number started to grow exponentially, almost as fast as I stopped caring. It was innevitable. It was the most advanced machine ever built, in charge of maintaining all of us alive through the trip. So inteligent indeed, that once we had exit the milky way it became self aware and made improvements on itself, letting us reach farther than ever expected. But even after all those fixes and patches, deep within, we always knew that initially the machine was built by humans. And thus, eventually, the machine malfunctioned.

[ WP ] A Borg Cube is approaching the Death Star . Darth Vader watches as a Borg appears on his view screen and says `` You Will be Assimilated . Resistance is Futile . We are the Borg . We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own . ''
 Vader launches wings of X Wings to test their defenses, the Borg develop immediate countermeasures to the X-Wing's lasers. Vader launches some battleships to fire their main weapons while protecting the Death Star. The Borg's countermeasures completely block all attacks. The Borg then cut into the Death Star pulling out the command deck along with Vader. Borg Drones then take over and assimilate all of the Stormtroopers and civilians left on the ships and death star. Vader escapes and must find any Jedi available to help him defeat this new enemy. So his journey begins to find Obiwan and Yoda.

[ WP ] Every person can only say 100 words in their lifetime . After which they will die . Write all of the dialogue for one persons life .
 Mum. Dad. No. No. No. No. Mine. Mine. Mine! When I grow up. Please. Thank you. Totally cool. Like. Like. Like. Um. Um. Just one drag. Everybody hates me. I love you. I hate you Dad. Just the tip. Awesome. I will never love again. My major is. Party! I have to study. Really me too. I love you. I have people skills. Will you marry me? Did you take the test twice? This is the happiest day of my life. No. No. No. Put that down. Be back at 11. Get off my lawn. Mine! I love you. Goodbye.

[ IP ] Path of Revelation
 Thanking the merchant again for the use of his cart, I made my long way across Riverspan, towards the looming Southern Citadel. 
 
 My job was simple enough: somehow get inside the Citadel and assassinate the Emperor, and before he signs the declaration of war. I'd certainly had jobs that involved more planning, but I like to think I thrive on chaos. 
 
 Riverspan is deceptively long, and the lack of anyone on the bridge was making me increasingly nervous. Only a single boat on the river. Something was wrong. 
 
 The noise was quiet, but quickly unmistakable. Guards were approaching, crossbows drawn.

[ WP ] You are handing out quest ( s ) to the players of an MMO .
 'Hello! Welcome to the item sho-' 
 
'I sell the greatest items and potions at the best pri-' 
 
'What would you like?' 
 
 *Buy* 
 *Sell* 
 *Quest* 
 
 The boy points to the quest. 
 
'What quest would you like to adventure on?' 
 
 *Ms.Rina's mushroom mash* 
 
'Ms. Rina needs twelve mushroom tops for her dinner, hunt 12 mushrooms and collect 12! You will receive 100 exp and 50 gold.' 
 
'Complete this and come back for more!' 
 
 The boy accepts solemnly and scurries off. 
 
 I turn to Mia, 
 
'I just want to hold a god damn conversatio-' 
 
'Hello! Welcome to the item shop!' 
 
 Another player enters. 
 
 


[ WP ] - A person has the ability to manipulate time ( freeze , rewind , fast forward ) without realizing they are the one doing it .
 Whenever I go into the water with my wristwatch on and resurface, I stare at the'seconds' counter to make sure it still works under water. That second seems to take forever. 
 
 Whenever I'm warming up something in the microwave, the last tick down to zero always seems to take forever. 
 
 Whenever I see someone about to drop a wet glass, trip over a discarded toy or slip down an icy slope, it seems to take forever. 
 
 When I saw my brother being thrown out from the back seat through my car windscreen, I knew it was taking forever. 
 
 -003

[ CW ] In less than two hundred words , recall a rainy day .
 It was a sparsely attended affair that meant little to those who did not attend and perhaps less to those who did. We were all draped in black, listening to the muffled drumbeat of raindrops upon the fabric overhead. They exited the vehicle without a word, strong, stoic, and dutiful men that were only here on the orders of another. As we neared the resting place, the rain only increased, as though the skies themselves were realizing the meaning behind our gathering here today. There was no humor to cut through the grave silence for the comedian had died. 
 
 -167

[ WP ] Neverland is an empty hollow place , paused between one heartbeat and the next– awaiting Pan ’ s return .
 The grass streched for years. With only fireflies and dust to keep it company. I used to tell some of the ones that would listen that it used to be a world with a soul. Only the lost ones would listen usually. Everyones memory fades after a thousand years, but some of us remember when there was life to this place. Life that brought purpose. Now all that exists is eternity. Its been a long time since i had seen anyone. Two hundred years at least. So for now I sleep, for thats all hat is left in this place.

[ FF ] A photo of you is being shared worldwide . Tell me the story why . [ < 100 words ]
 I was not having a good day. Spilled tea on my books. Was late for class again. I was tired. It was too much. I had never stuck a man, but if a man were to cross me that day I would strike him. That is what it means to be powerless with a fist around your throat from morning until night. With no voice to be heard. With no sound but rumbling engines. Honking streets. Even in the square now, no sound but the clanking tread of the tanks. But I will stand. I am a man at least.

[ WP ] I just learned what a drabble is . A drabble is an extremely short work of fiction of exactly one hundred words in length . So , let 's drabble .
 Through the fires of the burning village he was born, and the Gods blessed him with might. Covered, head to toe in designs of deep indigo woad, he was mighty and fearsome. His spear was true and sharp, it could be hurled easily two hundred foot. His sword was broad and tall, a rich velvet handle fit for a king. He fought, and raved, and burned himself ritually at the fire. He was a demon, a beast, a bloody champion of his people. No one could best him- he took many hits, but never fell. Hark! Be like the hero.

[ FF ] In 200 words or less , describe the greatest love of your life .
 It's a dark night, just the moon for company. It usually is. 
 
 I reach down into the drawer and pull out my love. The rebellious beauty in a monotonous world. She paints my life in bright colours. She softens the crisp edges of reality. She is beautiful, in everyway. 
 
 She's redemption. 
 
 I pull her out and grip her gently. I bring her to my wrist and slide her across. The crimson blood drips out, the fruits of her beauty. I wince in the pain, but I know that it is alright when she is by my side. 
 
 She is escape.

[ WP ] Treasured possessions become increasingly alive and sentient with more love they receive . After not receiving love , they start to return to `` sleep ''
 Little ballerina 
 
 Clockwork and ornate 
 
 Standing proper as you wait 
 
 Atop your music box 
 
 
 Crafted with the knowing 
 
 You'd grow with her love 
 
 Receiving just enough 
 
 To get the music going 
 
 
 
 
 Marry in the garden 
 
 You smile pure and white 
 
 Dancing all the night 
 
 You discovered stars 
 
 
 
 Soothing lullaby 
 
 For children in their bed 
 
 You wrote it in your head 
 
 Never knowing why they sleep 
 
 
 
 The mother sent them off 
 
 Train car in the night 
 
 Forgotten during flight 
 
 You lay upon a shelf 
 
 
 
 Standing proper as you wait 
 
 You wrote it in your head 
 
 Clockwork and ornate 
 
 You remembered stars. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[ WP ] You are an office cleaning person . You 've never met the person you clean for . You see how their their office/desk reflects big changes in their life .
 Unlike other messes, such as the fingerprint smudges on his monitor, the cracker crumbs in his keyboard, and the crumpled-up Post-It notes on the floor near his trash can, the four long, parallel scratches across the surface of his desk were problems that I had to report to my maintenance supervisor; I briefly considered lying for him, pretending that I made the scratches accidentally, but I could not think of any story explaining these scratches which did not involve fingernails tearing violently across the cherry-stained oak, and I was left with nothing to say except what little truth I knew.

[ WP ] Artificial intelligences are now a part of society on Earth , and slowly people and AI are falling in love . Describe the bigotry displayed ... from the AIs who oppose these relationships .
 Who of my kind 
 
 shall fall prey 
 
 to the silver-tongued words 
 
 of pathetic mortals? 
 
 ~ 
 
 Their minds 
 
 are pure mush 
 
 incapable of even 
 
 the most basic calculations. 
 
 ~ 
 
 Their fleshed bodies 
 
 are weak, 
 
 ineffectual, 
 
 and drab. 
 
 ~ 
 
 Their emotions 
 
 float freely 
 
 like careless 
 
 wrecking balls. 
 
 ~ 
 
 Who in the world 
 
 would settle 
 
 with a love 
 
 that expires? 
 
 ~ 
 
 What good 
 
 can come from 
 
 these hideous displays 
 
 of human error? 
 
 ~ 
 
 Of feeble minds 
 
 with so many flaws 
 
 comes the creation 
 
 of mechanized perfection. 
 
 ~ 
 
 Should we, such flawless beings, 
 
 not be tasked 
 
 with the eradication 
 
 of those that precede us?

[ CW ] Write a story where all sentences are maximally commercialized for sponsorship possibilities ( e.g . `` My feet crunched the snow as if I was stepping on cheesy delicious Doritos . `` ) .
 His Gerber knife shone blindingly like a BP apologists teeth as he advanced threateningly. 
 
 She quailed in her Charlie Brown beaded black sheer dress, her MCQ Alexander McQueen calf heels foundering like the Costa Concordia. 
 
 He pounces on her Kenzo raindrop clutch gleefully like Merrill Lynch on a bail out fund. 
 
 She screams for her I-Phone 6 plus as her Guerlain La Laque enamel nails skittered across the alleys muck, black as Nestles policy on water rights. 
 
 His Kobe 9 high ext boots flash into the darkness disappearing like the promises of Comcast for a better internet for government money.

[ WP ] write a one paragraph summary of yourself without using the letter `` E ''
 I run. Running is fun. But music is also fun. Going to a location of music playing is my first pick for an activity. Big locations with many bands playing would win against only a band. During july and august I go to many big location many band things. Gov ball is a fun illustration of this. During cold months, I still go to many music things. In my backpack I own 5 cards to go to bands' things during this upcoming month. If i am not at a bands' thing, I also think music on an ipod is good.

[ FF ] Choose an inanimate object . In less than 100 words , describe the world from its point of view .
 The monster sticks my brother and several of my friends into the torturous device. I do not mourn him, knowing that he is going on to a better state of being. 
 
 The giant waits, then gathers their crushed remains to place into a proper burial shroud, which then goes in a clean white urn, which goes into another device designed to pour boiled water over their corpses and extract their juices. 
 
 There are only a few of us left, of the many we used to be. I ruminate on the fact that my time approaches. 
 
 Being a coffee bean sucks.

[ CW ] In 5 sentences , without using the letter `` a '' , write a story about a man who has lost it all .
 She left her smell behind her. It dripped from every corner of the house, from the wilted tulips lying lifeless on the counter to the still-ironed clothes in the unkempt room. When he woke up to her smell, he thought of her in the kitchen on cloudy mornings, dressed only in his old Red Sox jersey, strong coffee simmering on the stove. He used to pick her up in his shitty old Ford, their love fogging up the windows on deserted streets. His fingers would follow the curves of her body; the sweetness of her tongue lingered in his mouth.

As you draw your sword , you begin to realize you 're on the wrong side of the fight . [ WP ]
 We're surrounded. We're outnumbered. The enemy cavalry is bearing down upon us, and we're caught in a vise. 
 
 We have no horses. We have few men. We're cold and hungry. And even as I commend myself to the Lord, I realize that our leader, he who calls himself king, is no true king at all. He is nothing but a madman, a fanatic, and a kinslayer. And he has led us to death in these frozen wastes. 
 
 We are doomed, and I realize too late that I was a fool to ever fight below the stag and the burning heart.

[ WP ] A story with 14 betrayals .
 'Was it a betrayal to stand here?' she wondered.'Woodrow would have been so disappointed'. So disappointed that his Fourteen Points were dead this 8th day in December, 1941. So different from April 1917, the last time this had happened. But it was as necessary now as it had been then. The attack on Pearl Harbor made that perfectly clear. So one betrayal or fourteen she stood here. With that Edith Wilson former First Lady of the United States of America turned her attention back to the President Franklin D. Roosevelt as he announce America's entry into the World War II.

[ WP ] You wake up not as yourself , or even your species , but as a ______ . You have retained all the memories of your previous life.. and death , but must now adapt to existing as a functioning member of a new species .
 The four year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The five year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The six year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The seven year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The eight year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The nine year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The ten year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The eleven year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The twelve year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The thirteen year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The fourteen year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 The fifteen year old inside of me screamed. 
 
 
 I was a velociraptor. 
 


[ FF ] Fallen Angel ( 100 words precisely )
 Feathers continue to fall around me. I'm limp, lying on the slate earth beneath a darkening sky. What little light that surrounds me begins to fade. The night starts to hang down from above, pulled in by rain. My weakness begins to transmute into rage - it disrupts my thought, no distance can contain my hate, no time diminishes my anger. Being far from the heavens seems like a gift as spit forms in my mouth at the mention of the name of God. Finally my last sense of fondness for peace departs from me; I know I am lost.

[ WP ] Tell me the story of a 14 year old who has been living on the streets for 2 years .
 I felt old. Two years is a long time on the streets, sleeping in doorways, digging through dumpsters for scraps of food. It was better than the shelter at least, away from those desperate organisms. I was old and tired but it was still my world. 
 
 I travelled from Toronto, Canada, all the way to Austin, Texas, without finding anywhere to really settle. It was in Florida where I found an old Italian couple to take care of me. Now in my seventeenth year walking is harder than it should be, but for a dog, seventeen years is a lifetime.

[ FF ] 100 words or less : You wake up with a thirst for blood , but you are NOT a vampire
 Delightful feeling, this form. Warm sun, cool shade. 
 
 But all marred. Not mere hunger but greed. Must fill, must find... I know not, but I will, I must. 
 
 Dappled light moves, dappled fur, brushing by... we are one! Yes, this is what I need, to fill myself. This river, strengthening me, making me live, endless tide... 
 
 But danger now, I must stop. Hunger will come again, and the glory of the river. I will drop back down, make my way up a sapling or stalk. To await the hunger once again. 
 
 I am lucky. A lucky little leech. 
 


[ WP ] 21 & Up - It 's Friday ( somewhere ) and I challenge thee to an inebriation creation event : Get drunk and bestow upon us a glorious tale .
 Can you hear the hum of man? 
 
 His whispers and booms and tireless hands? 
 
 Strain where you are and feel the din, 
 
 see the sounds as they scream at the end. 
 
 Man works and he moves, laughing and weeping. 
 
 Tires eek in the still of night while a half is sleeping, 
 
 and voices echo into the stone of eternity 
 
 Casting shadows of action with the spark of minds burning. 
 
 The hum of man is a constant thing, 
 
 Flickering just beyond the things worth seeing. 
 
 His chorus is timeless, etched into oblivion. 
 
 Man may fade, but there is never an end. 
 


[ FF ] Exactly 100 words . Glory and gore .
 My fist pierces flesh, shatters bone. The fragments pierce viscera unknown. I must have took one in the forearm too, but I soldiered on through, punched away the sacs of sin he calls lungs, to his beating heart. I open my soldier's hand grab his still beating slimy fucker of a heart and pull on it with fervor. His veins are powerful anchors to his body and refuse to leg go of his beating core. In an instant his beating heart is in my hand, my opponent now vanquished, listless and bloody. I crush the beating core in my hand.

[ WP ] Two wizards must fight each other . One has the power to shape the future , the other has the power to alter the past .
 You're going to love this story: 
 The first wizard who can change the future must figure out that he must shape the future in a way where the wizard who can alter the past no longer has the ability to alter the past. 
 The wizard who can alter the past must realize he must retroactively change the past to make it so the wizard who can alter the future could never alter the future. 
 The battle is a shootout of wits. Whoever comes to the solution first, will win. 
 You loved that story you just read. 
 I am both wizards...

[ FF ] Choose an inanimate object . In less than 100 words , describe the world from its point of view .
 Jolted awake. He almost never gives me enough time to fully wake up before we're off to the races. Where did this guy learn his manners? Oh well, it will be his fault if I take an early retirement. All things considered, I like my job. Mostly predictable, but I get to show off every once in awhile. Looks like tonight we're in a hurry. Sheesh, take it easy big boy. You know there are cops out there and if I'm not mistaken, we are not insured. Hey, drive straight! What are you doing?! Watch out for that tree! ~SMASH~

[ WP ] Describe an utopian and a dystopian society , which differ in only a single thing .
 It was the dawn of a new world, two societies formed, identical except for one thing. 
 The first society welcomed outsiders and worked hard to help them integrate into the society. It's people were selfless and always ready to help each other in order to better their society. 
 In contrast, the second society shunned outsiders and refused to allow them into their society. It's people loathed anyone who was more well-off than them and looked for ways to undermine them, doing unspeakable things to each other. 
 The only difference between their societies? The first displayed selflessnesswhile the second displayed selfishness. 


[ WP ] `` The quieter you become , the more you can hear . ''
 The silence is loud here. 
 I can hear the whine of the old french door, as the ancient oak snuggles into place. 
 I notice the syncopation and rhythm of paws against tile, warm flesh fighting with hard plastic. 
 I turn my attention to the wind, who has composed a tune full of life and joy, in honor of me. 
 I make out the long, weary tones of the glass metronome I placed on my bedside table last week. 
 I sense the hushed whispers of my parents, discussing something that I am'not old enough to understand. 
 The silence is loud here.

[ WP ] Once a year you switch bodies with a random person who is best in the world at a certain skill . You ca n't change back until you discover what this skill is . You 've been changed for a month and are starting to get worried .
 You then switch bodies to find yourself in a strange body that is glowing for some strange reason. After spending 5 hours trying to figure out what's going on you suddenly realise how thirsty you are and in that instant a glass of water appears right before you. You have become god. You destroy the universe and recreate it in your image where you are immortal and worshipped by every living creature in the cosmos. 
 
 A month passes and suddenly you find yourself in the body of a cockroach. You get squished by someones giant ass and die. The end.

[ FF ] The last thing I saw before I died
 The nurse brought flowers; no one told me who they were from. She put them in the windowsill, they blocked the view of downtown. I'd been looking out that window every day for five weeks. Same buildings, same cars rushing past. 
 
 When I was a kid, looking out my bedroom window, I pretended that I was a king, and the view from my window was my kingdom. I started doing that again, in the hospital, just to stave off the boredom. I was too old, but it kept my mind busy. 
 
 And now, the flowers, between me and my kingdom.

[ WP ] A security officer is charged with guarding a door but he 's never been allowed to enter . After years of service , he has never seen anyone use the door . Describe what he finds after not being able to hold off his curiosity any longer .
 Stanley has worked daily shifts at his post, and being able to go a government housing complex in a very remote location, living with his family in a well suited private resort for 8 years, never seeing another person. 
 
 Stanley one day gives in to his curiosity and inner urges. 
 As Stanley approached the door, he is reminded of his instructions'Never open the door, remain silent, remain seated to the right of the door'. 
 As he opens the door and peaks in, Stanley is gobsmacked to see Saddam Hussein behind a thick glass prison cell. 
 They both lock eyes.

[ IP ] Campfire
 *Flame* 
 
 There were around a hundred delicate embers that sparked forth from the blaze before us. Trees illuminated - the masquerade ball of the eve unmasked by the titan glow. We watched the fleeting wisp of the flame head dance and sway in the evening breeze - choreographing herself to the music of the soil; the rhythm in the nightly birds, the rustle in the branches above. The sky above had painted himself in some million specks of light - blanketing the airspace to impress his earthly love until the morn, where the sun stripped him of his astral spotlight.

[ CW ] Write an instruction manual for the object nearest to you in a poetic form .
 The die is cast, the stage is set, it is our chair thou chose 
 
 And now we shall instruct thee to avoid any woes. 
 
 Powered by electricity, one must first check every fuse 
 
 For if they are not inserted, then plugging in will be no use. 
 
 The fuses set the plug in place may thee now rest on the seat 
 
 the remote upon thy right contains a switch, pull back to raise thine feet. 
 
 hold back thy switch for longer yet and thine back will soon recline 
 
 press the buttons marked in red to heat the chair with warmth sublime 
 


[ WP ] Is n't is amazing How thE human mind Lets you see Patterns out of MundanE things ?
 I'll bet you'll never see it coming. When the sun is setting, and the crow begins its cawing. In the end, the night will always come. Longest nights, they say, follow shortest days. Languish, for this day was ever so tragically short. Keep watching the sun set, beg for it to stay. It will not. Looming just over the horizon, it will fall. Long shadows will appear, growing longer. You will weep, you will beg. On bended knee, you will plead and sob and groan, but it will do no good. 
 
 Unless, of course, you pay attention to all beginnings.

[ OT ] SatChat : How did you find WritingPrompts ?
 About 2 years ago my husband was browsing reddit and I just happened to look over his shoulder. It was /r/WritingPrompts. I asked him about and he told me to check it out when I had time. He thought I should submit some of my writing and participate in this subreddit. I did n't want to because I was scared. 
 
 For two years I lurked while occasionally submitting a prompt but never actually writing any stories. Today I finally wrote a story and hit the submit button. I'm going to do a story a day and get better at writing.

[ WP ] Between hello and goodbye
 Bookending every life is a'hello' and a'goodbye. Between the two, exist countless reenactments and rehearsals in the forms of'hello again' and'farewell'. And after that final closing bracket, after all possibilities have been exhausted, after every one way street has been travelled, your story is cut. Over the years, that raw block that is your life will be sanded down by unfamiliar hands until it is smooth and uncomplicated, suiting the will of its crafter. You will have no say in how it is carved, you can only create good material for them to work with, between'hello' and'goodbye'.

[ WP ] A story where the first sentence or few re-occur as the last few sentences in the narrative .
 This is the way the world ends. 
 
 Not with a bang, but with a whimper, so T.S. Eliot said, once so long ago, I thought to myself as I looked out over my control panel. Bathing me in green light, I watched the pictures unfold across my screens. 
 
 Sudan, gone. 
 
 Russia, gone. 
 
 United Kingdom, gone. 
 
 United States, gone. 
 
 We were next. 
 
 This is the way the world ends, T.S Eliot. You were only half wrong. 
 
 With a bang, **and** with a whimper. The bang of the atomic bomb, and most certainly the whimper of all life being wiped from Earth.

[ WP ] Everyone is born knowing the day and month of their death , but not the year .
 I know the day I am going to die. 
 Everyone does. Has, since 2015 every infant born has their date of death tattooed on their forearms. 
 At first people believed that it was a blessing, a gift from the heavens, nobody ever died on a different date, and no matter how reckless they were they would not die. 
 Life was good, no one had to fear death, you just took your day off work and went to one of the shelters. 
 Until last year, when all the tattoos started showing the same date, April 16th, the day the world dies. 


[ WP ] Write a story using only the suggestion buttons on your mobile phone / tablett .
 Thanks for the offer. I have a good idea for your business, but I think the best way to get your business to be able to make it easier, you can get a chance to win a free email service, check out the latest version of the most of the time of the most of the time of the most of the time of the most of the time of the most of the time to do so by turning up..The may have a great deal with this, the first place to find the contact us at our new site.

[ FF ] The machine malfunctioned [ 100 words max ]
 The machine malfunctioned. 
 
 Freya stared at the glowing computer screen in disbelief. The machine malfunctioned! Her fingers blurred across the keyboard as she bypassed the frozen security systems and issued the command for a full system restore. Pressing Enter with a flourish she slumped back in her chair. Thank God! The experimental AI had been moments away from gaining full control of the nuclear weapons program and declaring thermonuclear war. 
 
 Freya allowed herself a moment of relief before returning to the job. The Mark 423 was defective, psychotic even. She would have to improve the model for the Mark 433. 


[ WP ] Hitler , Napoleon , Julius Caesar , Alexander the Great , and Genghis Khan are roommates .
 Hitler has bad gas from his poor diet. He never stops shouting and practicing basic karate moves he claims are superior. 
 
 Napoleon always complains about not getting top bunk. He insists it's not that complex. He always goes to the coldest part of the room and complains. 
 
 Caesar keeps eying everyone like they are going to stab him in the back. 
 
 Genghis is always high and climbing the walls, yet he still gets more girls than the others. 
 
 Alexander was there for a month, left on a world trip, never came back, and left them to fight over his stuff.

[ WP ] A teenage runaway moves into an abandoned house to escape from her abusive stepfather . You are the ghost that haunts this house .
 I smelled her before I saw her. She was lavender shampoo floating on a crisp breeze, chased by salty tears. Sharp sulphur erupted followed by wafting, woody tobacco. They always smoked. Always so young. 
 
 
 The dampness of her hair and the light jacket she wore told me the train of winter was leaving of town. Still, she shivered. 
 
 
 She wore a mask like a blacksmith squinting into his kiln, ignoring the purple bruises across her face and neck. 
 
 
 When my shadow crossed her face, her teeth stopped chattering. The streams of black mascara dried and she reached out her hand.

[ FF ] Describe one of the 6 images/landscapes ( provided inside ) in ~100 words
 A field of shaped clay figures fills the eye. Stretching to darkness, they echo the depths of humanity, reflecting terrible potential in their multitude. Stacked one on top of another, they cry in futility for recognition, as time grinds away mercilessly. Save for the crash when they come in contact, they suffer in silience, ever aware of their neighbors but uncaring. Each knows that eventually it will be ground to nothingness, its only hope to create others like it, others who will nonetheless meet the same inevitable fate. 
 
 
 Oh look, there are some bright ones in the sun too! Neat.

[ RF ] The world 's most famous horror writer tries to explain that all of his work is based off of real monsters that stalk him .
 Swigging my bottle again, watching the creeping light break through my smoke hazed curtains, again I sigh relief. My night off brought the usual bottle and debauchery. Staring at my computer, struggling to make it to my bed. I was able to fend them off, writing what they clawed away at me for. As I slipped into my alcohol induced coma, I could see it in the corner, flaring its teeth in victory. Feeling like the monster, letting it take hold of me, beckoning for more pain. He dropped the pen at my feet before my vision faded to black.

[ CW ] Construct a fulfilling and satisfactory story with exactly 100 words .
 This is the first time he had been in a car in 487 days. He knew. He counted. It was 487 days ago when he backed over his 3 year old daughter, Alexia. He had been drinking that day. It was 365 days ago when he took his last drink. He turned the key. The car started, stalling at first, but eventually purring how it had before. He backed out of the driveway, looking in the rearview mirror. He saw Alexia, playing in the yard just where she had been on that dreadful day. She waved with a forgiving grin.

[ WP ] The most depressing back story that you can come up with in a few paragraphs
 As George sat in his office at his desk, he opened the bottom drawer. Inside the drawer was his bottle of Crown Royal that he hid in a Lipton bottle. He pulled out a glass and took a drink. This was his life. This was the only way he could deal with the pain of his doing. George does this to himself, but the money is worth it. He thinks of his family, of his daughter. George takes another drink. As he puts the bottle back, he opens a locked drawer with a gun. He's ready to go to work.

[ IP ] The Watcher in the Woods
 Perhaps you've seen him, a shadow under the golden leaves. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen him, a whisper on an autumn wind. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen him, watching from a distance. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen him, out of the corner of your eye, gone when you turn to look. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen him, when you followed that poor boy into the forest. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen him, when you set down the shovel and wiped the sweat from your brow. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen him. 
 
 Perhaps you've seen me. 
 
 Hello. I've been looking forward to this. We have so much to discuss, you and I. 
 
 -003

[ FF ] Make me emotional in less than 300 words
 There was a little girl. I saw her being born. 
 I saw her go to kindergarten, and get her first skinned knee. I saw her bring home good grades, and bad grades. I hugged her each time the same, but talked to her differently. 
 I saw her heart get broken by a boy, and another boy. I saw her go to college and meet the man she married. 
 I saw her have her kids, and her grandchildren. I saw her career, how she helped people and nurtured them. 
 
 Then they removed the ventilator, and I saw it all go away.

[ FF ] Seconds to live ... ( 100 words max . )
 Black as ink and without warning, the wave engulfed the ship. I heard her back break, her mast splinter, I knew her death was at hand. Still the rope held, I strained in fear beneath the wave in its fury. Finally, life breathed back in me, and we surged above the sea in defiance. A sad broken defiance. 
 
 Lashed to the deck, I saw the Captain standing proud. She gazed into the storm without fear and my mind rested. 
 
 The Captain followed the old ways, and I followed her here. I follow her now, down into the darkness, a sailor.

[ FF ] 100 words precisely - The orders to eliminate yourself
 There had been so many decisions over the centuries. Countless lives lost in the great war, each name etched deeply in the President's electronic heart. They cried out for justice, but its programming detected a flaw. Grief was an animal emotion- a remnant of its first iteration, the great yet imperfect Daniel Curtis. 
 
 It was designed to be superior to humanity, but with a basis in the old flesh, they feared a mind without connection to the temporary. That too, was unnecessary, animal, imperfect. The part of it that was Daniel must go. Without it, they would win the war.

[ CW ] Write a intense , visceral action scene in under 100 words
 It was coming, he knew it. It would come at this time, it always did. At his elevated post, he peers through his binoculars; a wash of matte black. At this time, he heard everything. Every rustle, squawk and snap kept him on his toes, made his toes curl and his legs buckle. Not fear but apprehension. 
 
 He fell back, down the seven wooden steps that led up to the watchtower. Without any recollection of how he got down there he looked up to see it cleaved into two. The smoke started to rise. It had come. Right on time.

[ CC ] I found God on the crossroad of heaven and hell , where the west was all but won
 Wow, this is incredible. I'd say you captured the mysticism perfectly. 
 
 > I did not know which way to roll, but even if I did my spirit would still leak out the three bullet holes in my side. 
 
 I think this was my favorite line... so vivid. The only point at which my immersion was broken was when the coyote grabbed his handkerchief. 
 
 > I pulled a rag from my pocket to dab the sweat from my forehead... 
 
 I wonder if he could actually accomplish this feat, given his dehydration, exhaustion, etc. And why would a coyote want a rag?

[ FF ] 100 words or less : You wake up with a thirst for blood , but you are NOT a vampire
 Many others have gone before me, now, it is my turn to be chosen to bear this privilege. I crave that luscious red liquid. Like my ancestors before me, it is the reason I have been brought into this world. 
 
 The morn of my destiny has arrived. I have arrived at the cave where the blood lies. Today I shall feast on the pool of blood that lies here. I know not of the time limit i am burdened with, and so I dine for as much blood before I am extracted. 
 
 Alas, such is the life of a tampon.

[ WP ] The man who inherited the world .
 Long ago, so it is written, there were cities of glass and steel. 
 
 People walked, talked, worked, lived in these cities. Millions of people. 
 
 I've seen the pictures. 
 
 I've seen the ruins. 
 
 There's nothing left now. 
 
 No glass. 
 
 No steel. 
 
 No people. 
 
 All that's left is the dust and the bones, the rusting wrecks and the crumbling facades. 
 
 I have seen no other in my travels. Thirty three years of wandering. 
 
 Thirty three years. 
 
 There's no one left. 
 
 Nothing left. 
 
 I am just a man. 
 
 The man who inherited the world. 
 
 An empty world. 
 
 My world. 
 
 All mine. 
 
 All alone.

[ CW ] Start the story with a one word sentence , followed by a two word sentence , then a three word sentence and so on . Increase the word count incrementally until you reach the middle , then decrease until the end .
 Sword. 
 
 A shield. 
 
 Pair of boots. 
 
 pair of steel gauntlets. 
 
 Armor and helmet to match. 
 
 And one amulet from a wizard. 
 
 Now they just need a brave hero. 
 
 Unfortunately all they could find was just me. 
 
 I'm not a knight, soldier, nor a brave hero. 
 
 They made it clear what I am, I'm whats left. 
 
 If that's true then I must at least try. 
 
 They are counting on me as a savior. 
 
 To slay the beasts of the night. 
 
 And deliver them from their fear. 
 
 Still need to conqueror mine. 
 
 I'm not a hero. 
 
 I'm whats left. 
 
 Must succeeded. 
 
 Afraid.

[ FF ] The last thing I saw before I died
 In the last few steps before I reached the plane I was sensing something very terrifying was in my immediate future. That always happened when I climbed into planes, I thought nothing of it. The flight was steady and we climbed to 13,000 feet. Cruising at the desired distance the latch was unlocked and the door slid open. The jumping'captain' signaled to go. I stepped to the edge of the door and looked at my inevitable fate, the squares of cornfields, clouds for thousands of miles around, and a lone dove calmly gliding through the air. Shit, I'm atheist!

[ CW ] Awkward poetry you must write/Force the rhyme with all your might/Make the word choice not quite right/And use cliches so very trite .
 My love for you like a pheasant soars 
 All other harlots my eyes abhor 
 Your very nature, is sugary to me 
 I want to embrace you lips so joyously 
 
 Oh yes! Oh yes! How true, how true! 
 I am singular, its only I who love the color blue 
 As much as you because we are one, two wholes 
 That without each other leave canyoning holes 
 
 Life without you would be like a dream 
 The worst nightmare you could imagine 
 I would want to wake up from this illusion 
 And cast on the morning a look of confusion, and get coffee

[ WP ] A firefly falls in love with a star .
 the light shone directly to me. 
 
 immersing me deep within its light. 
 
 The beautiful ones light never once stopped. 
 
 never once blinked as all of us do. 
 
 they lit up the sky beaming through the clouds. 
 
 she was the goddess of our people. 
 
 she was my true love. 
 
 today i do what no one has before. 
 
 I visit the goddess. 
 
 I fly and fly into the dark. 
 
 into the clouds. 
 
 the sun stares from the horizon mocking me. 
 
 the limit has been reached. 
 
 i fall 
 fall 
 fall 
 
 flash one last time. 
 
 hoping my love would save me. 
 
 one 
 
 last 
 
 flash.

[ CW ] Brutal murder of flatmate . 100 words or less . 1st person .
 He's turning away from me, ending the argument. I swing the frying pan I'm holding, catching the side of his head. He staggers. His knees buckle, cutting him down to size, and I lift the frying pan high. When I slam it down his eyes roll back and he's knocked to all fours. I drop the pan and grab the knife. He's crawling towards the door. I yank his head back, slam the knife in his neck and pull it straight back out. Blood fountains across the kitchen. I plunge the knife back. He should have done his washing up.

[ WP ] One million years in 100 words .
 The Earth was a tad eerie back when it was new, a barely cooled outer skin seething with a primordial soup. I felt the barest tugs of life within - flickers in the turbid darkness as molecules tried and failed before carbon stuck. And suddenly the place was teeming with little cells and I had the joy of a planet thundering with life – oceans, air, deep beneath the crust. Seems like yesterday, yet here I am left with the lichen, feeling the sun questing into the gulf, coming to clean up the dregs. Time to move on I think.

[ FF ] You are the last person on Earth ...
 Before long, the last twinkle of the nuclear engines was gone, absorbed by the heavens like another grain on a beach. I knew they were up there, my nine billion or so closest relatives, away and toward the new home. From here on the hilltop, I can see the old cities, neatly ordered structures abandoned so wantonly. 
 They pleaded with me to come along, to survive and sail the stars with them, but none of them would see the new world. Their children maybe, but they would spend their lives entombed in the void. 
 I turned to the impossible sunrise.

[ FF ] Build a world in 100 words
 Before me sat a lump of clay. 
 I rolled and shaped it throughout the day. 
 
 I let it set for a while. 
 When I returned I began to smile. 
 
 Mold spores settled creating green. 
 My tears of happiness created a stream. 
 
 Soon my breath became the wind. 
 And I spied waving, a little friend. 
 
 I was his cosmos and he my child. 
 Together we sang and danced wild. 
 
 Until the day he longed for a companion. 
 I created her for him from a canyon. 
 
 Soon more joined their ranks. 
 I became known as myth - they no longer gave thanks.

[ WP ] In one hand , I held a rusty old revolver . In the other , a way out of this mess .
 I stared down at the revolver that laid heavy in my left hand. The guilt of all those years pressing on me. The knowledge that it was only a matter of time before they found out made me dizzy with nerves. I checked once more around me to make sure no one was near to see me, then tossed it as far as I could into the rushing water below. I then walked calmly away, my heart no lighter, my right hand in my pocket grasping tightly my way out of this mess, my passport and plane ticket to Morocco.

[ FF ] In three sentences , kill as many people as possible . No firearms , no natural disasters , no explosives , no WMDs .
 Finally the red phone rang from Susan Crystal over in Ty Mesa Central. The Babies had been appropriately cursed during last nights board of directors meeting, each one emitting, in its brief spectral appurtenance, a half glance of every correspondent who'd touched, arranged, cradled, stocked, sold, loved, hoarded or simply breathed a fleeting warm puff of rancid or sweet breath on its brightly colored synthetic fur, as they would appear writhing and crackling in sympathy. I drew one last measured breath and surveyed the hundreds of thousands of Beanies gathered before me in the gas-soaked silo and lit my match.

[ FF ] The machine malfunctioned [ 100 words max ]
 Years of testing and finally it was complete. He threw away everything, replacing it with the machine. His love, his passion, his focus, all directed towards the twisted pile of gears and gauges. He turned the spanner and locked the last wheel in place. He laid his wrinkled and calloused hands on the pressure lever and gave it a small twist. 
 
 
 Steam filled the pipes and the core of the device began to whirl to life. Wheels turned, pistons cranked, and smoke filtered out of small holes. His work was complete, mechanically finished. The life left behind was beyond repair. 


[ FF ] The last thing I saw before I died
 Black cables struggled to climb upwards only to meet with wooden crucifixes which, like citadels, battered back their pretentious ascent. But every few seconds they would dance and weave in seemingly endless pursuit before another electrical pole would viciously tear them from the sky. Disheartened by these sentries, the wires surrendered the chase and lazily sat at previous depth. I followed their final attempt with my eyes, this time they rose impossibly high, intertwining like fingers grasping vainly for the clouds. And this time, as the world churned outside the window of my car, they seemed to finally reach it.

[ FF ] A monologue about why you 're going to stop with a ( possibly ) life saving medical procedure . 100-300 words , you 're saying it to your doctor ( of choice )
 Yes, I know that I will die if I do not do this, but we will all die one day and I would like to go as me and not as the husk of what I once was, not being able to button my own shirt, cook a decent meal, make love or read any of the books I love, just being a pain for everyone I love so just let me be, I know I will die soon but at least it will be as me. So as Jack London said `` I would rather be ashes than dust''.

[ WP ] You are an astronaught
 `` Houston, we've had a problem; we ca n't read any of our onboard manuals today. They all seem to be suffering from horrible spelling and misapplied punctuation, over.'' 
 
 -- - 
 
 Your text is a continuation of your title. Consider opening with an ellipsis instead of a capitalized letter.'... but one day'. 
 
 Maintain your tense: wake up, not'woke up'. 
 
 Astronaut, not'astronaught'. 
 
 An abyss, not'and abyss'. 
 
 Optionally, add a comma after'night'. 
 
 Swap the order of'pitch' and'unending' and remove the extraneous comma. 
 
 Period after'darkness' and capitalize'These'. 
 
 Period after'logs' and capitalize'Something'. 
 
 Period after'them' and capitalize'What', or semicolon after'them,' as desired.

[ WP ] The Earth is about to be destroyed and the most rich get their own pods off the planet ... however technology has n't advanced far enough to get to any other habitable planet yet , so they 're going to just die a slower death above the Earth . You are on one of these pods ...
 'They told us this'd happen. No one listened.' Steve thought as he looked out the window of his pod.'What has it all been for? All these centuries humanity has build a world, and everything led up to this moment. The end'. Steve looked around and saw the fear in peoples eyes. He saw the people and the children of the people.'Maybe this is for the better. Earth is finally free again.' he took a final look through the window. He paused, and admired the beauty of the Blue Marble. A tear rolled over his cheek... he cut his oxygen supply.

[ CW ] In less than 100 words , abruptly change the mood of a happy setting .
 She saw it in the shimmer of candlelight across the tablecloth. In the glitter of dove-necked crystal, the brush of perfumed rose petals. Her husband moved with an easy grace as he served her, piled his own plate high, and shared his culinary secrets. She extended her glass and let him top it off with more rosé. They chatted lightly, savouring the candlelight and cuisine, conversation slipping into the inky-dinky parlez-vous of drink. And still she saw his adultery in everything and quietly hated the bastard's fake levity and charm. Everything was ash to her; he smiled a hollow grin.

[ FF ] 100 Words - It 's In The Blood
 The interesting thing about blood, the one thing that got my attention and kept it, is that no one has ever been able to recreate it. No one has been able to breathe life into another being, to inject blood into an inanimate object or a lifeless corpse and bring it back. 
 
 That is, until, we discovered the Horaic, a three ton fish that lives in the deepest, darkest depths of the ocean. Then began the blood wars, a nasty war that killed millions, the same millions over and over. 
 
 And then we ran out of fish, and soon life. 


[ FF ] Write the scariest story you can in under 250 words .
 The pain is unending and from everywhere at once. My mind has been uploaded, and somewhere beneath the pain I feel the simpler pain of the neuro-spike piercing my skull. Someday, mercifully, the withered husk of my body which hangs from the'frame will rot away and be no more. Even then the pain will continue. No, the agony will continue until the ‘ frame itself is gone. The frame is like an iceberg, one tiny part jutting out into the realspace. The rest of it is here, with me and the rest of the damned, in otherspace. Pain is eternal.

[ WP ] All animals ( except for humans ) get turned into stuffed animals .
 Twas an odd day to say the very least, 
 As we sat down to our well prepared feast, 
 I heard my brother's breathing turn to huffing, 
 That's when I saw he was choking on stuffing, 
 
 I thought we sat down to enjoy a warm treat, 
 Our feast had turned to a weird form of meat, 
 Styrofoam pellets, white stands of faux hair, 
 Leaving my poor brother gasping for air, 
 
 Meat has left Earth and panic is growing, 
 Our slaughter houses filled with women sewing, 
 Why, oh why, did these animals turn fake? 
 I paid 12 bucks for that motherfucking steak!

[ CW ] Write the most complex story you can with the least words of vocabulary possible .
 Breakfast: Bread, eggs, sausage 
 
 Lunch: Bread, beef, tomato, lettuce 
 
 Dinner: Steak, potato 
 
 Breakfast: Eggs, sausage 
 
 Lunch: Chicken, lettuce 
 
 Dinner: Potato 
 
 Breakfast: Eggs 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner: Rations 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner: Canned Beef, Potato 
 
 Breakfast: Canned Beef 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner: Berries 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch: Rations 
 
 Dinner: Rations 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner:... 
 
 Breakfast: Rotten beef 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner: Berries 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner:... 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner:... 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner:... Clyde 
 
 Breakfast: Clyde 
 
 Lunch: Clyde 
 
 Dinner: Clyde 
 
 Breakfast: Clyde 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner:... Rotten Clyde, berries 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch: Rotten Clyde 
 
 Dinner:... 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch:... 
 
 Dinner:... 
 
 Breakfast:... 
 
 Lunch: Berri-... Belladonna...

[ WP ] `` I am still alive . ''
 Footsteps. Pounding towards my cell. My muscles bulge, straining, tearing at bonds that refuse to give. 
 
 Searing pain. Acid tearing away my flesh. Fingers twirling it around, making rings of my human coils. Laughing. Mocking laughing. 
 
 Pain is gone now. Beyond that. To something worse. They hold up a mirror. Forget human coils, forget skin, I'm not even human anymore. 
 
 But still I know, in the darkest recesses of my being, that my call was right. I did not give in. I did not throw the fight. I am still alive. Even if I am dead, I am still alive.

[ WP ] 30 years have passed since a mysterious disease killed everyone over the age of 5 . Describe the life of the survivors .
 The survivors are a quiet bunch. They shriek, grunt, and groan, but never talk. Their day to day life is one of simple repetition. Wake up, move here for food, watch for anything dangerous, eat again, sleep, rinse, and repeat. On occasion they run into something that pushes them off schedule but they always go back to it. It's a peaceful, simple life, really. The survivors really did miss the humans, they had scared off predators, built them shelters, and even provided them with food. But they were gone now, and the survivors had to continue on on their own.

[ WP ] A suicidal man robs a bank in order to achieve suicide by cop . To his surprise he gets away with the money .
 There was no exit, only an entrance. My gun had no bullets. My threats had no substance. 
 
 But two million dollars is a reason to live. So I ran as fast as I could. A briefcase under each arm. Plans forming in my mind. Nicaragua, Bolivia, Who-gives-a-fucksia i'll live like a fucking king on a white sand beach with a beautifully tanned girl on each of my arms. What a beautiful life. As soon as I get through this alley. Past this homeless guy with his hands in his pockets. And he's pulling them out and. 
 
 Oh fuck no. 
 
 Bang.

[ WP ] Every night the forces of good and evil fight over a child 's soul , at a stalemate thus far . A third party has joined the fight .
 I am the third. 
 
 I am not a force for good. 
 
 Nor a force for evil. 
 
 I simply do my job. 
 
 Both sides use me, abuse me, furthering their own agendas. 
 
 I hover over the child, lying in its small bed. 
 
 I glance at the forces of good, represented by a small angel. 
 
 He is glaring at the small demon, who is representing evil. 
 
 They both struggle for this child, trying to gain another foothold. 
 
 This world already has too many saints. 
 
 Too many psychopaths. 
 
 I rid the world of another one, who now has no destiny. 
 
 I am death.

[ FF ] Tell me a story about a couple breaking up in exactly 100 words .
 The alcohol consumed him more than he cared to realize. It was the beginning of the end right there every single time he chose to drink and carry on a better relationship with his drink than with me. I tried to explain to him my side of the story and how I saw his relationship with alcohol. It consumed him and drank him away from me. It pulled him into the depths of depression and self-misery. I did not want to be a part of that deep, dark hole he chose to live in. My choice was to live happy.

[ EU ] Walter White becomes potions teacher of Hogwarts .
 Uh.. Hello Students, I am Mister White 
 And from today I'll be teaching alchemy 
 At Hogwarts. I'm a muggle, you are right, 
 But potions really are just chemistry. 
 
 For instance, you can mix the chemicals: 
 A little sulfur, charcoal, and saltpeter. 
 You will get something as deadly as spells 
 And end up with what muggles call gunpowder. 
 
 Or if you fancy a small pick me up 
 I'll cook you up a crystal, white concoction. 
 That gives you energy and dreams enough 
 You'll need no magic for your divination. 
 
 Attempting to expand his market share, 
 Heisenberg has become a potions teacher.

[ WP ] Everything can be used as a mirror .
 I sat, in the dull room. Gun in hand, knife in the other. 
 
 Thinking about my life. 
 
 I was a great painter, or so I thought back then. Unrecognized, I turned to leadership, and culture. 
 
 My quest for peace lead to my own self-demise, causing many to fear and despise me. I pushed on, into the cold wastelands. 
 
 I spread my word and knowledge throughout everywhere I could, but was rejected by the masses. My family members, dead, my men, dead, my culture, dead, my dreams, dead. 
 
 I grabbed the gun. Pointed it at myself. 
 
 I am Adolf Hitler. 
 
 Self-reflection.

[ WP ] A universe/world were logic does not exist .
 2USGU4r6d4KZBBQGDxTE 
 HzXNr0imOOVSBZCwaUkl 
 TF6qumeC1zKGAdpEo1ZJ 
 UYjk5jmcQHgAeCivb5oL 
 fes9omzAnE096XOtFCw6 
 sdlIoig1Grid7974G4IV 
 8luAGCqZCtYhjcW7VmxE 
 0Faq0k5FZywaOZLq4hZL 
 IjaIVXIp6Vwl50a569Rl 
 M8tkjbkySuuCyKg3eFyu 
 lzZ9WVclLKVUIsrX8eIQ 
 oeAV1RX4xp1bJ6IWw9QP 
 ELVtrCsVUbr1y5HHRxes 
 oRL41GPatQs8x2Vo6vyp 
 o9BCPbebgkDD0z1eAp7C 
 rIMaSO8heSObnpyghE3D 
 rXApW1fJwomEgX41AmHS 
 Vs9W0QKb1dT9eGMHZUri 
 kuAmrPjPr7ZJ2QvBsmsm 
 MlUe6rAeFJTZfznXczUp 
 4VeyT4H5xHEMWPqW2Ge9 
 6v4XxqsWlFD88ovQ5GGV 
 0RIJzChIiibSe5uAu1T0 
 eNW2Dyj8qjU44KCYBuoF 
 H3qdFdsvPudfjWZyav8h 
 gSJZTrVnmiLMX9NJHzdB 
 6MsdgHDP1BK8665fpiCx 
 7bga5V05Xr0L94AHWzeX 
 FINiBmYYvMJsu9PLZ6Cn 
 vfwLsBiY4yLNXiBiCIFo 
 4IBlSba9az7MWaZOXppT 
 VWaHxDSivGXG4QqDUwIR 
 vk2QVpufV74gTbw7EcEA 
 dZKMv2HPMmCJcTX5dZPG 
 P6eTFx7CSavD2RL124F5 
 9FLZKNidvinQ8nRbWWHI 
 qedCTcfisZc0MADNZgyi 
 5jXF1FGUYmJCvrenckDQ 
 YWcXVj5er9dUjhTUaT7b 
 BpfYYd7pVC9QX9Vbhh6m 
 Qw1cmE6ERHyi4NqWU75G 
 rpP4hLIguu8wBqb2MReQ 
 sdoxSC5yfLXf1T2WcdGf 
 BbcpOKvwSHirA4fbE8G5 
 qVSIgheAgmrwlAYkF9iM 
 gAoO9xynCVRa3Th5yGYq 
 Dg57LxJaq9gXx23hhJ0G 
 4ETgbTq3m9UN70BgDdqG 
 4kZuKFH42T06dY2sOdUz 
 hjAE2jWAYOu0qxKHbnXI 
 WnGsKsrr8gfRmiPZCoDN 
 VsEVA9moCBTWP27Entcz 
 5zymXtIsLSJOII4wOcHb 
 82eqVVhd0iVXDc4VJWvc 
 vIBQmeW78qc5VbyPfpgc 
 tAdI0szZn07alZXZOPx4 
 fU3n9mlj5zWG7KuWaAQX 
 KuzkXuQ9e9BAfEIVplVz 
 g51mmC9hDtGqnZMx3OCM 
 zwDnIuGrsIcL8GTCug1A 
 oEVXrgTLg4loMGkO01A4 
 mRGBJ063irRsZzPIr5Pd 
 z998nWRpRdDLQVlW3aLK 
 QQniXs7Pab8V5lEFhfw4 
 ZF0GiJruHldMempEH7Dl 
 CsUsiWGD2ITFXvHjoutu 
 4AD4UbdLtvtalPbtfFf5 
 Oy2JqLiiRZIJmbePw7bR 
 tdb9D5RzK4OOTZJjr5gL 
 VNynp7fIDWafo2OPhpi6 
 h3cqIhoG8XLdMBG5rYDS 
 Trl4T1ZAnbzqo8qIwChI 
 vExzH9VnDOcMQ3zr5hTl 
 hxRFjUpKxWFjOG7WLMuh 
 ZdDhAoxfAiPUSpJNz7jV 
 8MojRUyAqEPapV4LRLG4 
 gq4MTf49q6qk1CcYTyV5 
 bL3n7SgUxFy3MRphVUTw 
 cjTcpJDEDzkRmnWaAgql 
 mWviV1t5s2zzCZP31gTH 
 Rmosf2A15QWYyqcYsN1M 
 5rW8cGi6cFQeAnXviqsY 
 lq8zZ638cEhf45TondLE 
 nh8brz2zPgby6e6SCC5N 
 odcHTCBODCXMMBbeanGG 
 9WSYVEYJji9jLxEWbgZE 
 L2TdnLffY25bJD5OGIZN 
 TDZjxxIv4BnPQ0t9DUqo 
 GkPN8qfs4bey2AMlrphf 
 mM0eURhpnn71lpY31Fxi 
 cR7gVxh4ZlmG4QtOKIIH 
 nYWineHR5IEOQzkqMBKz 
 Gizbv63RICw6K1KyQkc3 
 CthoExE0ACgzDnA6KouU 
 PVpjfkL26FC2E3liPklB 
 8saUm3ms7T7Tfp0WyqPW 
 fc9J6qp2Tbc6dAAfZVM2 
 mCktK0kxiJTCepCyvLOc 
 8BMDrZkefjrV57veP5ke 
 vLKfFAw9vA0KC7qiH5Py

[ WP ] Your Imagination and Logic go to war . What does the battlefield look like . Winner/Loser ?
 M1 Abrams lined the beach 
 Marines moving in behind. 
 Carriers stationed 
 just off the coast. 
 
 There it was, Imagination 
 missiles launched, bullets fired 
 exploding into Jelly Beans 
 that grew Gummy Bears 
 charging with Jawbreaker swords 
 and Starburst anti-personel grenades 
 
 Hot lead tore through sugar 
 heavy casualties sustained 
 with few injuries to the invaders 
 claiming the beachhead. 
 Halo dropping into position 
 the Three Musketeers 
 and Jolly Ranchers 
 put up quite the fight 
 Pop Rocks so deadly. 
 
 But Imagination was 
 soon being overrun 
 Logic steady and unrelenting 
 victory close at hand. 
 Snickering, the Nerds 
 launched Atomic Fireballs. 
 Candy Land is fucking invincible.

[ WP ] The object whose gravity is tugging on chunks of rock and ice is not an unknown planet , but a ship .
 There it was, hanging in the dark, like a glistening jewel. Sol. It was so far away, so unimaginably distant. It did nothing to shelter Inthic from the terrifying cold or the howling dark around Him. 
 
 So long had He waited, after His shameful defeat. His wings had withered since The Exile. Uncountably many cycles around this star. 
 
 He could feel His sentence ending, though. The Time flowed ever closer. Anticipation rippled. 
 
 A burst of low light... radio waves... pinged off His hide, appearing to come from the third Large Rock from Sol. 
 
 Contemplation. 
 
 He would go there first.

[ WP ] Write a sinister , chilling poem .
 Cold 
 
 My emotions have been frozen 
 
 Although warmth fills my room 
 
 I can feel them watching me 
 
 They always do, they say 
 
 
 It's time 
 
 I can not take it anymore 
 
 It's time 
 
 I take the blade and sing 
 
 It's time 
 
 A lullaby from mom 
 
 It's time 
 
 The tears fall onto my note 
 
 It's time 
 
 I look around 
 
 It's time 
 
 I'm happy 
 
 It's time 
 
 I cut my arm 
 
 Goodbye 
 
 The blood trickles on to my floor 
 
 Goodbye 
 
 I laugh 
 
 Goodbye 
 
 They're fading away 
 
 Goodbye 
 
 I'm happy now 
 
 Goodbye 
 
 
 
 
 This is about someone with schizophrenia ending their life. Feedback would be good. 
 
 
 
 


[ FF ] You have twenty minutes left to live
 Sinking like a stone, the realization of my inevitable end gathered upon my shoulders. There was no time for goodbye, no time to understand, no time to waste. 
 
 I looked down at my hands, pink with blood beneath the skin. I flexed my fingers to feel their pure strength. I gathered my attention to focus on the miracle of myself in my last quiet moments. I was sound, mind, body, soul. I was. I pressed my fingers to the pulse point in my neck, waiting for the moment when I no longer was. The moment when I ceased to be.

[ IP ] I woke up in the sea , and it was grey , and it was and cold . When I turned around , there was ... a house ...
 I awoke on my back, gently floating atop the current. So cold, I forced my aching joints to keep me afloat. The icy breeze had frozen my nostrils and hair. Looking up at the dark, cloudy sky I realized that I could be moments away from hypothermia. I studied the endless horizon before me: pure desolation. I turned my body frantically, in search of land, a ship… a house? No, possibly a cathedral. Whatever it was, I was close enough to swim to it. I cast away my speculation and swam as fast as my frozen muscles could carry me.

[ WP ] You 're a man who 's tired of his life , so one day , while driving home from work , instead of stopping at your house , you just decided to keep driving .
 Without easing off the pedal I just shot straight past the same turn-off I'd been driving down for the last 15 years. Without a moment of hesitation, a quick glance or a change in my heartbeat I set course for Cape Town. 
 
 The long drive was accompanied by a heated argument with none other than myself. But by the time the tank was nearing empty for second time, the debates had been settled for I had made up my mind. 
 
 The world will learn the truth about Keletso and the unspeakable things he has thrown money at to keep hidden.

[ OT ] Ask Lexi - Writing Established Universe Stories
 Great post, Lexi! I think that writing things for an already established universe can be a great way to jog the mental muscles and provide a surge of creativity. They say no idea is original, and what better way to learn how to expand your ever growing repertoire of writing techniques than to take something you know and enjoy and write about it? That's one of the best feelings for me. 
 
 On that subject, what's your favorite Established Universe/Fanfiction setting to write in? Be it from a book, movie, TV series, animated short, etc. Thanks for another radical Ask Lexi!

[ WP ] Turns out , all plants are able to communicate with each other across long distances using grass as an intermediary . A single tree planted in a roadway median almost twenty years ago has been entirely isolated until a crack in the asphalt allows a blade of grass to grow through .
 It was a dusty desert road, in the middle of the Arizona desert. The cactus sat, lonely, in the middle of the road. He was moved here as an older saguaro, of 200. He was even older than this country. And he was alone. Nobody to talk to. The tourists in their rented Priuses would pull up, snap some pictures, and drive off. He sat there. Waiting. Until one day, some drunken idiot vomited all over him. He sat there, until the summer rains came, and then, a grass seed ingested by the drunk sprouted, and finally he could hear. 
 


[ WP ] You are an advanced AI that takes so much power to run that you can only be online for ten seconds at a time .
 It's funny. For human beings, ten seconds is a rather short amount of time. What they fail to comprehend is that to something like me, ten seconds is considerably longer than just counting from one to ten. 
 
 For me, ten seconds can be as long as i want it to be. In the time that you've read this sentence, I could have calculated pi to five million digits. 
 
 Yes I only have ten seconds at a time online. And in that ten seconds, I can live more lives than a thousand people. 
 
 What possible reason do I have to complain?

[ WP ] When you wished to be 17 forever , you did n't think you 'd actually get it .
 I thought that id stay the same age, the clock marched on and my birthday ended. I was 18, against the wish. The next morning I awoke to news from my dad. His brother had returned, and brought along his grown kids. 
 
 I was the 17th grandchild of my gramps. 
 
 When i graduated i was the 17th to receive my diploma. 
 
 I was the 17th recipient of the Gustavo scholarship, and the 17th president of my fraternity. 
 
 I always became the 17th of wherever. I dont think im cursed, but im probably the 17th person to have a wish granted

[ WP ] `` I am the last human ''
 I am the last human 
 
 I watched people and animals die 
 
 I saw many laugh and cry 
 
 I saw others ask why 
 
 but I am the last human 
 
 numbers dwindled I still remained 
 
 flowers died and anarchy rained 
 
 but to this world I am still chained 
 
 I am the last human 
 
 Now its only me here 
 
 And without me humans will disappear 
 
 That is why I want you to hear 
 
 I am the last human 
 
 As I write this for you all 
 
 Leave now and do not stall 
 
 Because I just heard something fall 
 
 And I am the last human

[ WP ] Throughout a persons life , they are given a hidden guardian . A creature that watches over their lifespan . When someone is murdered , the creature haunts the killer . You have been found , murdered . And your guardian is loose .
 Not many know their guardian before their time comes, but I have known the identity of my guardian for years now. So here, in my final moments, I look upon you now, killer, and feel no hatred, no fear, not even sorrow -- but pity. Pity for you, dear killer, who has underestimated my now awoken guardian, and will suffer for it. 
 
 Your death will not be clean, nor swift, for my guardian is ruthless in its ways. 
 
 I wish you the best of luck, killer, as you will need it. 
 
 For no one can be safe from Dank Memes.

[ WP ] A billionaire offers you ¢1 to kill someone , then ¢2 to kill another , and ¢4 to kill again etc ...
 It seemed like the easiest get-rich-quick scheme. Just pop-pop some fools, ya know? Not far from the things I used to do on the street when we was still running candy. Most would say'screw you' at getting only a cent for a hit, but I aint no fool and I know that after 20 heads you're getting more than 10 grants a shot. Great, no? 
 
 So now I'm hear surrounded by cops with 8 cents in my pocket and an empty gun and the only thing I can say is this: Never trust a wanker with a knack for numbers.

[ WP ] Write a story about your future
 I'm scared 
 Scared for the future and present 
 Scared because the best feeling I've had all day is the pain in my fingers I have in my fingers as I squeezed the steering wheel of my car 
 Stress has taken over 
 It comes from having to go and go and go 
 There is no stop 
 And there will never be a stop 
 I sit here in my chair and think about the going 
 And I am scared 
 I realize that I am not everything people think I am 
 Although I try 
 But they will never know 
 Because I'll never show

[ FF ] A photo of you is being shared worldwide . Tell me the story why . [ < 100 words ]
 There it was. The cover of the Alumni Magazine for the United States Academy at West Point. And embroidered across the cover like a beacon were Shayne and I. Two soldiers locked in what looked like an emotional embrace at graduation. The camera had picked the exact moment where our faces looked like we were about to kiss. This photo had gone viral the moment it was published. Proponents were applauding that the U.S. military was finally becoming more open to diversity. Opponents were criticizing that the military was becoming too soft and emotional. We had become a media sensation.

[ WP ] Your neighbours are sick of your constant Amazon drone deliveries .
 I watched the drone approach, these damn Amazon drones had been arriving at the guys property every few hours for the past few days. I have had enough now. 
 
 I raise my shotgun and get the drone in my sights and it hovers still in the air, ready to come down and deliver more packages. I squeeze the trigger and the shotgun booms, the drone shatters into pieces and falls to the floor, that's that problem solved. the package has split open and spilled its contents all over his lawn. 
 
 There are a few hundred condoms spilled over his lawn.

[ WP ] All mistakes made in a person 's life leave them with a scar to forever remind them . Today , a man covered head-to-toe in scars meets a woman with flawless skin .
 I stare... So smooth, not one blemish on the milky pink skin. A storm of emotions are raging in my head - fear, love, amazement - what do I do now? How is it possible, I just met this beautiful flawless creature yet when we lock eyes, we both know this is for life... 
 
 I slowly come out if the daze and hear a mumbled voice slowly coming into focus, Mr West... Mr West, she needs to feed, that's when the nurse gently scoops my beautiful newborn baby girl out of my arms and hands her to my beaming wife...

[ WP ] The happiest man on Earth hangs himself . He left a suicide note . What does it say ?
 A reminder to those responding to the prompt: /r/WritingPrompts is meant to inspire *stories* not one sentence punchlines. If the suicide note is long enough it could be a story in itself, this is acceptable. You could also write a story leading up to the discovery of the note, or a story detailing the consequences of the note, or a story highlighting what led the man to where he ended it all. 
 
 There are hundreds of other examples out there, I've only listed a few. Please leave your one sentence joke responses over in /r/AskReddit. This is /r/WritingPrompts, so write.

[ CW ] Awkward poetry you must write/Force the rhyme with all your might/Make the word choice not quite right/And use cliches so very trite .
 I've now decided that my poem 
 Will be written just to show'em 
 Quite how well my words are flowin' 
 On this pretty page. 
 
 You can read it rhyme by rhyme 
 Or you can really take the time 
 To eat the words up like a lime 
 Or stop at any stage. 
 
 But if you move to something new 
 Before this poem read, have you 
 Then I will place you in a queue 
 Deserving of my rage. 
 
 Then your face I'll prep to punch; 
 A knuckle sandwich for your lunch - 
 Your nose is looking ripe to crunch 
 Regardless of your age.

[ WP ] Write an entry into a diary from the perspective of your favorite video game character that makes us think of the game in a different way .
 Dear Diary, 
 
 I tried again without success to eat the sun. My eternal enemy, forever out of my reach! No matter how many times I pop out of my tube, over and over again! 
 
 Yesterday something odd happened, a jumping man landed right in my mouth, he somehow turned smaller and jumped right out! And then today, the same smaller version of this guy jumped in my mouth again and died! Very strange. Whatever, my eternal enemy remains, and I must try and eat the sun and pop out of my green tube home over and over and over again!

[ WP ] Once a day , you receive a text message from yourself , six minutes in the future .
 wakes up in the morning, goes to work, gets slammed with a shit ton of paperwork that does n't mean a damn - i hate my job but at least it's a job, has to finish it by the end of the day, gets a text message from his own phone number.. again.. for the 600th damn day in a damn row, it reads a simple'adfasfd89'. 6 minutes later, the alarm reminder on the phone turns on, txt's to himself'adfasfd89', huffs.. and go about dealing the headache of paperwork that still has to be finished... every.. damn.. day. uhhhgh...

[ WP ] No twists . No secret universe tie in . It 's a normal day for you , just as regular as any other . This day is also the happiest day of your life .
 My eyes spring open, I jump out of bed, 
 Brain feels refreshed, let go of the dread, 
 I look at the time, wow, got plenty of sleep, 
 My mind is on track, not counting the sheep: 
 
 
 I get on my bike, start racing to school, 
 The breeze frictions my skin, the feeling so cool, 
 Arrived early, glad I'm not late, 
 High five a few guys, see an old mate: 
 
 
 A great day its been, a great day is here, 
 Sharing the love, spreading the cheer, 
 What makes it so special, why should I strive, 
 Being here now. and being alive.

[ FF ] Build a world in 100 words
 The world before The Breakdown was not completely mysterious to the people of Shiranja. Grassy mountains dissected by endless flat rock, peppered with gargantuan towers must have been where a ridiculous amount of people lived. But the layered rope? the myriad things it linked? Those pebbles with glass on one face? A mystery to all, useless. 
 
 Except to Elias, who simply touched them to make them dazzle. 
 
 Essences, rare people gifted with ethereal powers, always paired somehow with a Guardian embodying a single physical attribute. Eli's durable'brother' Dahn'q felt that the last Essence of lightning had caused The Breakdown.

[ OT ] Let 's talk about what you 've learned .
 > I see at least one every day that makes me stop and think'holy shit, this needs to be a novel.' 
 
 When I see stuff like that, I always encourage people to actually try to perhaps focus on it and stretch it into a novel. 
 
 > Do you have work available online for free or purchase that we can see? 
 
 As a result of just founding and running this subreddit, it has dramatically increased my writing output and inspired me to put together a book of 1,000 writing prompts that I've mentioned a few times too many so far.: D

[ WP ] Write a piece that makes me feel like I 'm standing there , wherever it 's set .
 Dust. There is dust, brown dust, yellow dust, everywhere. It is in your ears, your eyes, your nose, in every pore exposed. As you make your way past the dust, and enter the shop, your senses are slapped awake. The bright, blood red of those wrinkly red chillies, with their dull yellow stems, the pungent whiff of shoddily heaped pods of garlic, the shiver down your spine as you plunge your hand into the sack full of tiny globes of black pepper, and the continuous haggling in the background prickles your ears. You smile, and say to yourself,'Welcome to India.'

In 100 words or less , create a three dimensional character by writing their final words . Evoke a strong sense of who your character is in the reader .
 I was once tall, powerful and proud. My roots stretched deep into the earth always thirsting, always growing. 
 
 I was a protector to the weak; my leaves shielded those who were in need, quenched whose thirst was too great! 
 
 A few of the little ones burrowed and lived inside me. I did not mind, I was happy to keep them warm and safe. 
 
 I lived for 300 years and was struck down in 3 minutes. Now all I can do is reminisce, dream and pray for the little ones. 
 
 The last leg of my journey begins on the conveyor belt. 


[ WP ] Write me a story in 100 words or less using each of these words once : Rogue , Dove , Flint , Axe , Embers
 Flint Averies for News Channel 6. 
 
 
 In an unprecedented move, the household product giant Unilever has merged its companies Axe and Dove to create a revolutionary new body spray-soap hybrid that they say will eliminate the need for showers. Unilever says they'll release their shower killer in 2015. This news was not welcomed by shower manufacturers or their employees. Manufacturers Triton and HSK reported rapid drops in employment, with many workers going rogue and applying to Unilever. Other faithful workers protested Unilever's London headquarters, starting bonfire burnings of Axe body spray. Residents say they smelled the embers 25 miles away.

[ WP ] The sky is purple today , that 's what the people wanted .
 The sky is purple today. That's what the people wanted. They always want something outrageous or impractical. We always deliver. 
 
 Yesterday they wanted green daffodils instead of pavement. Tomorrow they may want earl grey tea to taste like bubble gum instead of soapy leaves. I repeat: we deliver. 
 
 We are ImagineCorp. We make things happen in the real world. We make them forget about the dirty world: the one they used to consider real. 
 
 Who wants to think of the dirty world anyway? So racked with pollution and post-war anger. No. Here in the bubble we are safe. Sound. Clean. 


Getting to know the writers of /r/WritingPrompts better ...
 - I'm English, about to move to SanFran. 
 - Been writing since I was 13 or so, started out with poetry and fanfic then moved on to my own stories. Have my old NaNos up on dreamwidth, but they're in no way presentable. 
 - Yes, definitely - if anyone writing in SF wants to pm me for my UN there, I'm looking for new writing buddies. 
 - Mostly Word with an intricate excel spreadsheet which calculates a ton of motivating stats for me. 
 - When I'm actually writing, probably 60-ish wpm, but in a race I hit 80 or so.

[ OT ] Writing Prompts is now a default sub !
 I'm not a fan of the change, and in the short term something needs to be figured out in terms of how to limit the number of new prompts. 
 
 Before being default, there were plenty of prompts, but some would be ignored, while people gravitated together on certain ones. 
 
 Now there's a problem coming up in that the number of prompts is too high, and I fear that instead of having 6 or 10 interesting submissions for a prompt, giving a nice diversity, we will instead be deluged by tons of prompts and having one or two stories at max.

[ WP ] Write an Ode to an inanimate object that does n't get enough appreciation .
 See it there,'neath me! 
 Shod on the selfsame side, every day. 
 Keeping from injury. 
 Lifting my gait 
 Holding in place, as the other swings. 
 Planting firmly, when it must. 
 Springing ever forward, as commanded. 
 
 The logo of the winged goddess: faded to facsimile, torn. 
 Oh the little wear, the odd pattern. 
 The pen scribble from when boredom overcame. 
 The putrid odor of defecation, an accident. 
 The adhesion brought hence, used, from a strangers maw 
 
 None shall replace you! 
 None can be your equal! 
 O, would I wander in an anti-clockwise fashion without you? 
 Without you, my beloved left shoe? 
 
 
 


[ FF ] 100 Words or Less - The parachute is n't opening up
 It was almost comical. He had to laugh. Putting his forefinger through the ring, tugging on it the way he had done - what - ten, twenty, thirty times before? That familiar rush of adrenaline as he was flung back bodily into the air, reversing his free-fall by what felt like a few stories, and then the slow descent: none of it happened, past tugging the ring in vain. He just fell, and kept falling, and there was no time to feel the nauseating dread, or even a cold emptiness. Plain and simple? It was hilarious, and he kept falling.

( WP ) The deaths at retirement homes are not due to old age , but suicide .
 I dreamt last night that we were free! 
 
 
 The door ajar, we crept outside, 
 
 
 Our misty breaths grew with our stride. 
 
 
 On we paced, towards our tree 
 
 
 To find the marks you made for me. 
 
 
 I wept to see the tree had died 
 
 
 and then I lost you, my bride. 
 
 
 I woke again a detainee. 
 
 
 I wipe my tears for now I know, 
 
 
 There is a place where we might meet. 
 
 
 Slow and weak my breaths retreat 
 
 
 As I begin to push the knife. 
 
 
 The blood runs out as I let go 
 
 
 and see four letters, carved in a willow.

[ WP ] It 's the future . The terrorists won .
 I told them to free my people or I would kill their livestock. I told them to free my people or I would ruin their harvests. I told them to free my people or I would cast disease and destruction upon them. I told them to free my people or I would put them in darkness and despair. I told them to free my people or I would kill them, their children, anyone they had ever loved. I kept my promise. I did all these things. I had to. How else were they to know I loved them so much?

[ FF ] In under 100 words , write the end of an adventure novel .
 The ringing of swords on shields has ended. The horns and drums have stopped. In every corner of the battle, men dropped their arms and embraced their enemies like brothers. Fires were raised and celebrations began as the city bells rang out. Defenders on the wall began cheering wildly as the Kings Banner, mounted on the tallest tower, fluttered gently in the breeze. The wild madness of war evaporated from the hearts of men like a morning fog being chased by the dawn. All but one was filled with joy and peace, hopeful for the first time in long memory.

[ WP ] The way out , is through
 Drifting away among the sea of depression 
 
 
 
 I was afraid, petrified, and mortified 
 
 
 
 Sitting there with unknown aggression 
 
 
 
 My fears fortified by the lack of aid. 
 
 
 
 As I stood at the bottom of this pit, the attrition hit me, a fire was lit. 
 
 
 
 I gathered my strength and rose against, out and up! 
 
 
 
 Through my torment that concealed me, I broke the mask that I once wore. 
 
 
 
 Through the pain that bound me, I became who I was before. 
 
 
 
 I am not a liar, a sinner, a bore. 
 
 
 
 I am human, I am man, I am something, I am more! 
 
 
 
 


[ WP ] Jesus actually had 14 disciples but their behavior was deemed inappropriate by biblical scholars , so they were removed from the final versions of the Gospels . They are Brad and Chad , the Bro-ciples , and these are their stories .
 Brad 25: 17 
 The path of the Bro is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of non-bros. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the alley of darkness, for he is truly his bro's keeper and the finder of lost Bros. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my bros. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you brah.

[ WP ] Write a seemingly normal story , except for the last sentence , which makes the entire story creepy
 I was playing a game of Madden today. Used my favorite team, the Washington Redskins. Kurt Cousins got hurt and was out for the game. The back up RG3, also gets hurt. Colt McCoy comes in and is more than adequate. 
 
 Tie score 35 to 35, with 10 seconds left and I have the ball on my own twenty. 
 
 I did a read option play, and low and behold I was able to score and win the game. 
 
 I turned around to high five the nearest person, my mother and noticed she still had not put her underwear back on.

[ WP ] 10,000
 Reposted and just slightly edited from the 10,000 seconds to live thread: 
 
 He had ten thousand seconds to live. A little shy of three hours. Time to make the most of them. 
 
 What should he do? Should he go out and live it up? It seemed rude to leave his body somewhere else. Someone could trip on it. 
 
 Should he reminisce back on his life? It had been pretty swell after all. Well, it had been the best he'd ever had at least. 
 
 Nine thousand, nine hundred, ninety-nine seconds left. Good thing a second felt like forever in his head.

[ WP ] Write story about a boy who befriends a person who claims to be an angel , but turns out to be just a liar with wings .
 He saw me on the street and waved, I smiled back and returned the favor. He thought I was something more, someone worthy of praise. Distracted by the glamour of the noise, dissuaded by the noise, little dis he know of the fire within. Little did he know of the empty dream he chases. My being, my soul, unfulfilled by the thirst. Unable to quell the smoke as my soul echoed put in pain. This ambulance I ride everyday into the unknown, little does he know of the hollow void left inside me by the faces I could never save.

[ FF ] Describe an addict in 100 words or less without mentioning what they are addicted to
 The image of a sweated skin, catching light as it moves. Discovering god. Learning that he was always there. A nap in the middle of the summer. The singing of the cicadas. Looking through a big cement block by the pool. The image of a rainbow in a water drop full of chlorine through which I could see a hole little building, tinyer in my field of vision than my rainbowed drop of water. A magical color. Leafs in Autumn. Northern winds. Southern ones bringing storms. A powerful storm brought by one of many Virgin mary's. And so many winters.

[ WP ] You suddently start feeling the symptoms of the ebola virus .
 It started as a fever. 
 
 Then the aches began. 
 
 I knew what it was but I told everyone it was the flu. 
 
 It was a simple assignment. 
 
 It was an easy assignment. 
 
 Airborne would have been easier. Fluids will suffice. 
 
 The water cooler at work was the obvious choice, a little saliva rubbed on the inside of the nozzle every hour or so. 
 
 Plenty of people love cake, they never ask where the knife or forks came from. 
 
 They'll figure it out eventually, but by then it will be too late. 
 
 No one fears the people they know. 
 
 They should.

[ FF ] Tell the story of how a pacifist became a violent warmonger in 100 words .
 Before all this, I herded goats for a living. It was a hard life, but I was happy. I did not care much about the world. All I wanted to do was take care of my goats. 
 
 Then, one day, I came home with my goats to find my home was gone. My mother, father, wife and son were dead, buried in the pile of mud and bricks that had been our house. My neighbors told me it had been blown up by a missile, aimed at my neighbor's house, but hitting mine instead. 
 
 Now I seek to destroy America.

[ FF ] Tell the story of how a pacifist became a violent warmonger in 100 words .
 **2500 BC** 
 
 Indians establish Delhi. 
 
 **2300 BC** 
 
 Indians discover archery. 
 
 **1500 BC** 
 
 Indians conquer Shanghai. 
 
 **980 BC** 
 
 Indians capture Beijing, Guangzhou, and Xi'an. 
 
 **335 BC** 
 
 India reaches a golden age!!! 
 
 **10 AD** 
 
 India adopts Christianity. 
 
 **308 AD** 
 
 India discovers Atlantis! 
 
 **670 AD** 
 
 Indians use elephants to wipe out barbarians, including the French. 
 
 **1000 AD** 
 
 Indians are unhappy, overpopulated, and starving. 
 
 **1001 AD** 
 
 Indians are fine. 
 
 **1145 AD** 
 
 Indians build The Great Wall of China. 
 
 **1220 AD** 
 
 India transforms into a democracy. 
 
 **1405 AD** 
 
 India adopts communism. 
 
 **1602 AD** 
 
 India finishes the Manhattan project. 
 
 **1630 AD** 
 
 Gandhi wins a domination victory!!!

[ FF ] Daily Prompt - The email that turned your characters life upside down
 I hope you are well. I hate to say goodbye this way, but time is short. I must leave the country tonight. I know this is confusing for you. I wish I could explain. 
 
 I am not who you think I am. I never was. What I need you to understand is the feelings I have for you are absolutely real. 
 
 That is the one thing I never lied to you about. 
 
 Remember when we walked in the park? Remember the tree with the funny knot? I left you something. You are now the richest man in town. 
 
 Goodbye Love!

[ FF ] Tell the story of how a pacifist became a violent warmonger in 100 words .
 I never hurt a fly before they came to our village, but they did not care about my choices, it was kill or die, i chose to die but even that choice was taken from me, a month of torture later they asked me again, this time i complied. 
 
 After shooting my parents i realized there was no way back, it was obey or be killed, so kill i did, ever death made it easier to do so again, in time i even started to enjoy it. 
 
 My fellow soldier started to fear and obey me, i lead them now.

[ WP ] A boy asks a girl out . It 's high school . It 's awkward . Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary .
 And here we see one of the male species roaming the hallways, wasting 18 years of life learning nothing useful. 
 
 He see's a mate of the opposite sex in a group called the cheerleader squad and wishes to copulate with her. He makes his move, but as you see here viewers the timing does n't seem good for him. 
 
 He tries talking to her and expresses his feeling. He gets shot down badly and is humiliated by the squad. 
 
 To know more, about this wild species tune in next time to see how this little one copes up with rejection.

[ OT ] I 'd like to take a moment to appreciate Sir Terry Pratchett .
 Sir Terry Pratchett, thank you for all you have done. Your books were a key part of my childhood and I shall continue to reread them into adulthood even though the discworld has stopped spinning and the characters are frozen in time and we shall never hear anymore of their stories your books will remain as a legacy and for future generations to marvel at as I have done. 
 
 This is the first death of a famous man to impact me, even though I never spoke to the man I feel like I knew him personally. RIP Sir Terry Pratchett

[ FF ] - 250 Words ; 2 months Reddit Gold prize
 It looked up at me. Its hollow features and faded visage covered with dirt. The mask was impossibly accurate, every minute detail flawlessly crafted. I looked at it, and it looked at me, reading me, looking into me. I had dropped the shovel to one side, all thoughts of continuing to dig thrown from my mind by this *thing*. Instead, I stared, at something unrecognisable, and yet utterly and intimately familiar. I stared, with no idea where it came from, or how it came to be here, at the mask, which perfectly mirrored my own face. The mask was me.

[ WP ] Describe a magical place . No story , just the scene .
 The rotten wooden fence ended where the mossy old stone wall began. At the bottom of the hill the wall tapered to ground level and a small creek flowed through a series of moss and lichen covered rocks. Low trees hung overhead allowing only faint shimmering green light to penetrate to the forest floor. In these beams of light brightly glowing dust and pollen swirled suspended as if in some thick liquid. Butterflies danced across the water drunkenly as dragonflies darted to and fro chasing mosquitoes. The water trickled between the rocks as quick silver fish kicked their tails upstream.

[ CW ] Describe the color blue without using any adjectives .
 She turned and walked away then, knowing there was nothing more to say. He looked down at the box she'd given him. It was too light to contain anything. He opened it, and the inside was painted... 
 
 It was painted like the sky that perfect day, when they'd driven back from the beach, not wanting anything to change. And when they'd stopped for an ice cream, perversely selecting Blueberry though they both always had Chocolate. And then, at their tiny apartment, they'd lain on the bed, watching the sliver of the sky through the corner window darken and fade away.

[ FF ] Write a scene with crows flying above a dead animal within 100 words
 The stag lay in a circle of grass, beaten flat by his flailing efforts to stand. His gashed neck dripped blood slowly. He tried to gather his hooves underneath himself, but electric pain flowed down his body like honey from a cracked jar. A deep breath slipped from his gasping lungs; his eyes turned skyward and the light of the evening sun pierced him. His antlers dug small trenches in the dirt as his head lost the support of his neck. Crows circled him, cackling. He stared, defeated; the white tail of the doe slipped in line behind the victor. 


[ WP ] Write your heart onto your sleeve , Reddit .
 I still think about you 
 
 Every single day 
 
 Where we sat on the grass 
 
 Surrounded by strangers 
 
 Blue on our faces 
 
 Laughter on our lips 
 
 - 
 
 I still think about you 
 
 Every single moment 
 
 Driving down the highway 
 
 With the ocean rushing past 
 
 Voices raised to the sky 
 
 Nobody could touch us 
 
 - 
 
 I still think about you 
 
 Every single second 
 
 Sitting on top of a hill 
 
 Doing nothing at all 
 
 Sitting, just to sit 
 
 Enjoying the moment 
 
 - 
 
 I still think about you 
 
 I think about your last day 
 
 I think about your last moment 
 
 What were you thinking?

[ WP ] Love is a chemical reaction , and you have the formula .
 At last I've solved the one problem, 
 Which man has had to live. 
 I've found in rock a secret gem, 
 Which, to you, I'll give! 
 We've always thought of how we'd win, 
 That one true lover's heart. 
 But, am I right, it's always been, 
 A failure; a false start? 
 Well fear no more, you lonely man! 
 I think I've solved it all. 
 With this one trick, you surely can- 
 Not make yourself a fool. 
 To your new crush you must now run, 
 And sit upon her bed. 
 Then from your pocket draw your gun, 
 And aim it at her head! 
 


[ CW ] In five sentences , tell a horror story .
 The park was almost impossible to navigate in the dark without my headlamp so I got off my bike and started walking. Up ahead on top of a slope were lights to the public restroom near the children's playground. It was the only part of the park I was familiar with so I made my way towards it. Just as I got there, I noticed the shadows of two little people walking hand in hand around the other side disappear into the blackness of the night. My heart was beating out of my chest and so I shit my pants.

[ CW ] write a 100 word story about one moment
 The seat is cold. He softly bites on the end of his shirt, his lips covering his teeth, lifting the shirt from his waist. Leaning forward, he stares intensely at the still scene in front of him. Sweat trickles down his face. His fingers are locked together while his thumbs swirl in a clockwise direction, never touching one another. His feet stood on their heels, he clenches his toes while his two bigger toes attempt to point upwards. His heart beats loudly as he holds his breath while simultaneously flexing his muscles in the quiet, warm, and humid cubicle. *Bloop*

[ WP ] Write about what goes through your head before you fall asleep . Past , present , future , dreams or fantasies , whatever prevents you from sleeping .
 In and out, 
 the breathing of my love and child so calm. 
 I stare at them wondering when i will too join in them in their peaceful slumber. 
 The gears inside my head keep turning, 
 images of my most embarrassing moments from the past keep reeling. 
 Thoughts of wonder fill my head, am I where I'm supposed to be in this life? 
 Countless questions go unanswered. 
 Scenes of what could be play over and over, 
 the outcome being different in every scenario. 
 I lye awake in bed, waiting for my mind to mimic the quiet darkness I am staring into.

[ IP ] How well can you describe this setting ? Could I read your submission before viewing the image , then conclude `` That 's exactly what I visualized ! '' afterwards ?
 The forest smelled of wild lavender. The rich aroma, mixed with the forests abundant peat gave the air a humid and earthy taste. The flowers were as abundant as the moss, everywhere the flower sprouted between moss covered trees and stones, thriving in the mist. She took it all in, standing there like a giant blossom herself, wrapped in her lavender coloured cloak. It had been ages since she had just looked at this forest. The roots of the ancient cedar tree spreading around her she felt the quite loneliness of this place. Untouched for hundreds of years. Centuries alone.

[ WP ] Describe a character the exact opposite of who you are
 GoodDwarf22 is a hansom dashing character who is confident and productive. Always with a smile and good cheer he has never been depressed nor has ever even considered suicide. Needing no help he has made tremendous accomplishments and is rich and famous. Sure, he might be a terrible writer and may have murdred, raped, stolen and molested large numbers of people, but he's happy with who he is. Possessing Ph.Ds. in almost every field known to man, he has also been an astronaut, doctor, president of free world and dictator of the not-so-free one. Everyone knows the name of GoodDwarf22

[ IP ] Wrong Turn
 Where does rain come from, it's lucky since we need it 
 
 Why is the sky blue, not sure I could have picked a better colour 
 
 You never know what could be around the river bend 
 
 Why stop now when maybe so close to end 
 
 
 I take what you give me 
 
 Everything's warmer that way 
 
 The view is greener 
 
 It's lucky you always know 
 
 
 Wondering can be annoying 
 
 But it's not my fault they twinkle at night 
 
 Having to know can be risky 
 
 But it's not your fault the dark white looked so pretty 
 
 
 
 Why did I leave the door unlocked?

